Timothy Sackton: Okay. So
Timothy Sackton:  The day passes. You wake in the morning
Timothy Sackton: of another hot day in the desert
Timothy Sackton: come from the skyship down to the bustling that he of this car.
Timothy Sackton: the big open cattle market and statue of us. Gosh! And the Freedom Plaza sitting outside the
Timothy Sackton: two-story hanging gardens that stood above the
Timothy Sackton: Don't underground structure of the palace itself.
Timothy Sackton: and having planned the previous night to back
Timothy Sackton: with telepathically with Chief Lubash to take your way into a fight.
Timothy Sackton: You begin the day.
Timothy Sackton: Concentrating on your deception.
Timothy Sackton: There's a few moments as the day progresses of of you know. Kenzo gets into the role, and there's a few moments of of genuine seeming anger and frustration from both Kenzo and Lubash.
Timothy Sackton: It's hard to tell when somebody is watching, however, and it's hard to sustain the acting for the entire day, especially for those of you who well, naturally
Timothy Sackton: talented or not
Timothy Sackton: necessarily. Well, we're we're not put. We're not putting the actors, the people that don't have the good charisma in act roles where they need to talk I don't know but Galwith is naturally talented, but not proficient in perception. So he is one of the I mean, that wasn't too honest for this for this game right? Exactly.
Timothy Sackton: but but it's I mean. it's hard to say right? You
Timothy Sackton: rizwin spends much of the day pacing around the the palace.
Timothy Sackton: sprinkling some ground up ruby dust from your stash of gems and gold from the dragon
Timothy Sackton:  on the floor, ritually forbidding teleportation from
Timothy Sackton: allowing anybody to enter the palace, and also doing tons of damage to any undead who happened to arrive.  at lunch. You have a
Timothy Sackton: you. You present this feast, and and Lubash
Timothy Sackton: takes it in stride and and acts.
Timothy Sackton: you know, put out and and angry that you're playing this off as you attempting to buy the cloak from him.
Timothy Sackton:  But the feast grants you all extra hit points. So
Timothy Sackton: Kate, if you can roll 2D. 10 for risen, and everybody gets that amount of extra hit points.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We do some inspiration and stuff like that for this to get more.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, it's not a skilled Jack. It's just part of the style. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton:  bye.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So everybody gets 1515 extra hit points nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: So how do I do that? Oh, they're not actually temp. Hit points.
Timothy Sackton: No. over if you type. I think if you click on your if you click on the word hit points.
Mike Sackton: then there's a little think there's a little Max. There's a little Max HP modifier at the bottom. If you click on that, you can set that to 15, and it'll change your hit points because they can be healed.
Mike Sackton: Right? Yeah, so we can actually, yeah, regain these. And for 24 h they last, even if we.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was quite the meal.
Mike Sackton: it was quick to me
Timothy Sackton: down. even though it's hard to.
Timothy Sackton: It's hard to tell how well this has gone, and when or if you've been scribed during this occasion, you.
Timothy Sackton: Lubash, insist you leave on cue, and as that sun progresses from noon to afternoon, you walk out of the palace in disgrace to somewhat confused looks from some of the guards.
Timothy Sackton:  On the airship. You take the time.
Timothy Sackton: the scry.
Timothy Sackton: and to extend your Enzo, extend your senses, and there are no humans, and no sign of Kenza within or no sign of Cadmos
Timothy Sackton: or Cassian
Timothy Sackton: Marvola within 6 miles. Wow!
Timothy Sackton: A deal with you scry, and you see out there. power.
Timothy Sackton: You see, Hector. sitting at watch on the front of a boat.
Timothy Sackton:  A small bone
Timothy Sackton: traveling downriver.
Timothy Sackton: dot 8  adventurers from Chardon, that you expect to see are all there?
Timothy Sackton: well, as keeping watch in the rear. Cadmos and Cassian also seem to be in your, you know, or continue discussing in in whispers quiet voices that Hector cannot hear, and you cannot hear, with the sound of the river.
Timothy Sackton: rushing over over.
Timothy Sackton: There are also about
Timothy Sackton: 2 dozen specters.
Timothy Sackton: spectral, undead. floating in the air. following the ship.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We're immediately at Cadmus's command.
Timothy Sackton: It's it's sailing down river. It's being rode down river, where there's a small sale, but there's not much wind.
Timothy Sackton: The river is. Let's see where's let's switch the map.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton:  so the river is this
Timothy Sackton: river.
Timothy Sackton: So this is the 4, this red dot here is the 4, and you don't know where they are along this river, but they seem to be sailing somewhere
Timothy Sackton: down here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where are we again?
Timothy Sackton: You're here. You're at the
Timothy Sackton: at the confluence of these 2 rivers.
Timothy Sackton: I mean. They're not within 6 miles.
Timothy Sackton: You haven't you? Haven't. You didn't travel any distance along this river. You flew overland through the night, so you have no idea what the train looks like.
Timothy Sackton: It's almost impossible to know where they are, except that they are somewhere south
Timothy Sackton: of this fort and somewhere west of at least 6 miles west of of you here can well be sent some animal scouts.
David Schwartz: That is an excellent idea.
David Schwartz: Okay, I also feel like, if we describe the train of the river. we're surrounded by people who know this river super intimately. Well.
Mike Sackton: yeah, we're not right now, right?
David Schwartz: Your up on
Mike Sackton: Animal Scout. Seems
Mike Sackton: sensible, though.
David Schwartz: Yeah, Eagle head that direction. I mean, they'll have a lot of ability from that height.
Mike Sackton: Wait! Did my links come? My messenger came back right?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: but not no response, because you didn't, and now I know you know
Mike Sackton:  Do I know if the I never mind.
I'm not going to do it.
Mike Sackton: I was thinking I could use it as a poor man's way of finding out how far away they are by just sending a message to Volt.
Eric Rosenbaum: and then it's not. The link is not invisible.
Eric Rosenbaum: I know that's why I decided not to do it, because they would know that in you could triangulate. Also, it's like, I'll know when they're 6 miles away. Yeah, yeah. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: the the next 4 4 h or so till or 5 h till full dark
Timothy Sackton: passes. well, the manages to attract a passing desert hawk. You're able to scout out about 20 miles west, and you see no sign of
Timothy Sackton: of a ship on the river.
Timothy Sackton: you see, I mean, there's farms. There's people there's like Orcs
Timothy Sackton: you know, bringing their cattle in from the from the flooded fields along the river banks as nightsats.  but but no sign of
Timothy Sackton: of any kind of ship or any boat.
Timothy Sackton: There's I mean, there's a few small
Timothy Sackton: like fishing boats and and trading boats. But all you know, man by Orcs, nothing that looks like what Dell have described.
Eric Rosenbaum: What are they doing?
David Schwartz: That is really weird.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Maybe not S. Ebola or anybody else.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah, they're all there. Oh, they're on there so
Timothy Sackton: full at everybody on the boat, with about 20 specters.
Mike Sackton: but they're not within 20 miles, but not within 20 miles. How quickly is the boat going?
Timothy Sackton: I mean, it's a little bit tough to extrapolate because you don't have.
Timothy Sackton: You can see how far you can like roughly. See how far it's traveling in the 10 min that you're scrying.
Timothy Sackton:  there's a you know. There's a a decent current, but it's a
Timothy Sackton: there's not much wind, so the sale isn't. You know it's just. It's just a few people rowing.
Eric Rosenbaum: are they? This? Normally you
Timothy Sackton: sorry what?
Eric Rosenbaum: The specters to hunting them, or are they like friends of theirs?
Mike Sackton: No, no, friends, cat most is puppets, but that's okay. They'll all die the minute they enter the forbidden forbidden.
Eric Rosenbaum: When they when they come in range of risk and spell, they'll all take 5 to 10, damage a turn until they're dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe they're trying to lure us out. Or maybe this is somehow an illusion. Is that possible?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it's definitely possible.
David Schwartz: And we don't see any sign of the whole rest of the army, and they're definitely going downstream on the river that we expect them to be going down.
Timothy Sackton: They're definitely going downstream. You do not see signs of the rest of the army. They have separated from the rest of the army for sure.
Kate Sackton: but if they started
Kate Sackton: on the river at like the furthest fort upriver.
Kate Sackton: It's like 150 miles of river voyage to get to the ford right if I'm measuring that right on the map.
Timothy Sackton: yeah, it's about. It's about 125, between 100 5,125 and 150, depending exactly on where they started. But yes.
Kate Sackton: so
Kate Sackton: if they big. you know, the Hop could have not see them, because they aren't in the last 20 miles of that.
Kate Sackton: you know, 6 times as long journey.
Kate Sackton: They could just be quite far away still.
Kate Sackton: or it could be an illusion. Good point seeker.
Mike Sackton: but it's like we're trying to them with a complex they can't. No, a scry wouldn't be fooled by an illusion right? When you, when
Mike Sackton: Hector has to be there right?
Timothy Sackton: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. The specters could be an illusion, and you wouldn't necessarily know from scrying. But Hector is definitely there, right?
Mike Sackton: Like, the whole thing's not an illusion.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: there is no such thing as a sound stage in Telgar.
Timothy Sackton: I mean. Well, Scribe magically targets the actual person. Exactly. So. If they fail to say you see them where they actually are, no matter how many illusory duplicates of them are scattered around the world.
Eric Rosenbaum: But they could be across the street from the palace in a fake river on a fake boat.
Timothy Sackton: yes, they could if they had high, level illusion. Magic, except they can't be within 6 miles because and kids, I would sense them so. Kenza's senses are not fueled by
Timothy Sackton: illusions, and they're not within 20 miles because the eagle would have seen them. The Eagle could have been fooled by
Kate Sackton: television. But okay.
Mike Sackton: but I'm more interested in just I mean, how fast does a
Mike Sackton: well, I mean. I don't know how fast it. Normally you would think normally, it's hard to know, because you don't know how fast the river is, but they're going down river.
Timothy Sackton: They're probably not going as fast as 10 miles an hour, but I doubt they're going slower than 3 miles an hour or 4 miles an hour. That would be your expectation from your time, just traveling, and just what you know. So if there, it's what is it like? 4 in the afternoon?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, it's like this is like covering the time between 4 and 8 pm. Or something. And it's what like 60 miles or something.
Timothy Sackton: it's a hundred. And from the fort
Timothy Sackton: to
Timothy Sackton: the city. Is it like a hundred and
Timothy Sackton: 2,100 and
Mike Sackton: 30 miles on the river? Roughly.
I guess we don't know how far downriver. They are
Timothy Sackton: correct.
Timothy Sackton: You know that yesterday they were with the army, and now they're not. You know. The army was expected to reach the the army was expected to reach the fork tonight.
Right?
Mike Sackton: So probably they're on track to show up sometime. Wait tonight.
Mike Sackton: But we don't really know.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it's hard to predict.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So you
Timothy Sackton: ferry yourselves down invisibly into the palace.
Timothy Sackton: hide out in the bedrooms, and
Timothy Sackton: prepared to wait
Timothy Sackton: and wait
Timothy Sackton: a few hours. Pass
Mike Sackton: Hold on before a few hours past one sec. Okay.
Mike Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: I assume you set your alarm.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum:  But how? How long does Kenza's detection thing? Last? Again.
Timothy Sackton: I'm doing every every other hour you can do it. It. It costs 4 keys. So you don't necessarily want to
Timothy Sackton: do it constantly, but it basically takes. It's like an hour long process of extending
Timothy Sackton: his sense is to cover 6 miles. And then, yeah, he knows what's happening at that time, and then he can rest to recover his E, and then do it again.
Eric Rosenbaum: Got you
Mike Sackton: So now? how? Let's see 60 feet.
Mike Sackton: I just want to see something. I just just give me 1 s. I'm just trying to see how
Mike Sackton: long fly.
Timothy Sackton: how far you can go with Fly.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Well, no, I I'm I was debating, summoning a creature to go, but it's only
Mike Sackton: 60 foot speed only gives you about a mile every 10 min.
Mike Sackton: It's not really that fast.
Timothy Sackton: right?
Mike Sackton: So
Mike Sackton: that means it couldn't even cover 6 miles. And it never minds. Okay, continue, I'm not doing anything.
Timothy Sackton: So a few hours pass.
Timothy Sackton: Lubash comes into the his bedroom, and.
Timothy Sackton: you know. heads to sleep.
Timothy Sackton: to rest. It's not clear he can
Timothy Sackton: sleep.
Mike Sackton: Wait, Brisbane, you're supposed to be in the room with deal with, I think.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, residents of Dallas. And did any orks show up? no. Orcs have shown up? But Maruk is here.
Timothy Sackton: she with Kenzel
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  we're having to.
Timothy Sackton: You're right right under the beds. Yeah, I mean, at the moment we're hiding. Yeah, you're hiding.
Timothy Sackton: I I mean, Marook is so is sort of acting as if this is her bedroom, and is just kind of like hanging around at the desk like preparing Kenzo's
Timothy Sackton: Kenz. I was hiding under the bad, you know.
Timothy Sackton: everybody is. The doors are closed, everybody. This door is presumably closed. Right? The top 2 doors are open
Mike Sackton: and the mirror
Timothy Sackton: right. Everybody is just kind of waiting. Every now and then Seeker will will do a ritual and
Timothy Sackton:  let's see.
Timothy Sackton: he's not going to. So seeker, and he's going to need to come out into the hallway to recast
Timothy Sackton: his tell up with the because he can't get from
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah. This room to
Timothy Sackton: you can't get there. It's not more than 30 feet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so we need to be a little lucky that he doesn't get seen.
Timothy Sackton: It takes 10 min you have to be you'd have to be quite unlucky for somebody to be scrying you the exact
Mike Sackton: 10 min that seeker is recasting the ritual and also specifically scrying secret. They're usually scrying. We don't know who they usually scry who has the weakest save amongst us.
Mike Sackton: I mean Scri. You get a save against scry right? It's a wisdom safe.
Timothy Sackton: We all have advantage, and wisdom saves, too, like they transcribed. It has a much lower chance than normal of succeeding.
Timothy Sackton: Normally, I just roll your saves in secret, because it's easier to not met a game.
Eric Rosenbaum: If you know you're rolling a save, you know, somebody's attempt to describe you. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I really need to start stealing body parts and walks of hair of people because it gives them a minus 10 modifier on their save.
Mike Sackton: It's not weird at all.
Timothy Sackton:  But
Timothy Sackton: the night creeps on.
Timothy Sackton: Lubash does finally fall asleep.
Timothy Sackton: Maruke sort of dressed off into an uneasy watch.
Timothy Sackton: More hours pass
Eric Rosenbaum: playfully, spar with the ladder. Although it is not animated yet.
Timothy Sackton: Just a few chains dangling down
Timothy Sackton:  And
Timothy Sackton: the night passes.
Timothy Sackton: Don comes
Mike Sackton: still not 6 miles.
Timothy Sackton: still not within 6 miles
Mike Sackton: and raise one gets your spell back.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Timothy Sackton: Griswin gets her spouse back, you can. it's a fitful night.
Timothy Sackton: but yes,
Kate Sackton: the bed is not so different as to me aside. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: everybody. Make sure you click long rest and like, reset all your stuff in case you're still like missing, it points, or anything.
Timothy Sackton: but you do lose your your
Mike Sackton: going to set points now.
Timothy Sackton: I guess not till noon, right? Not till like one or something like that whenever lunch was
Mike Sackton: later in the yeah, like 30'clock, or it was like, yes, though not till like 30'clock
Timothy Sackton: as as morning comes.
Timothy Sackton: lubash
Timothy Sackton: a rock, you know, wakes up
Eric Rosenbaum: The fake cloak has now vanished because it's only last for 4 h. Oh, no, I didn't. I didn't set that up yet. Oh, you didn't set that up yet. I was gonna do, because that only takes an action. I was going to do that when the alarm tripped.
Timothy Sackton: okay. but you have to be able to see the location where you want it to be right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum:  Because you're saying it's done. It's within no sorry. It's within 10 feet of you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, you can create a non magical item within 10 feet of you. Yeah, that's fine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That wow!
Mike Sackton: Well, that I mean the fake cloak. We put all this effort on hiding the fake cloak in here.
Mike Sackton: right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: oh, I see. We described where it was going to go, I'd have to go in there and back out again.
Eric Rosenbaum: But like we're gonna know when they're 6 miles away. That's why I figured I have plenty. Yeah, you can do it. And they're 6 miles away when they're 6 miles away. Kenzo can alert you, and you could do it. Yeah, you'd have plenty of time, and I don't accidentally trap myself in
Timothy Sackton: right?
Mike Sackton: Well, this isn't there a commands word to turn it off you? It's off right now. When you once you dropped the cloak, you speak the commands where to turn it on and then leave.
Eric Rosenbaum: and then just looking at to check that. It's working.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it's working again, vanished into the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: You do have advantage on the same. If you're the one who activates it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: But it's a charisma. Say which you're not great at
Eric Rosenbaum: right.
Timothy Sackton:  so loop so, Lubash.
Timothy Sackton: I rise. It wakes up. Maro quakes up
Timothy Sackton: the palace, begins to stir.
Timothy Sackton: Everybody seems to have passed a very uneasy night. The the 2 dozen household guards have been patrolling and few of them slept. You know people have taken shifts of taking cat naps and stuff. But
Timothy Sackton: That Lubash, as he awakes and and sees you all here speaks telepathically to everybody because I I assume you've been including Maru and Lubash in the
Timothy Sackton: and the telepathy.
Timothy Sackton: What? Now?
Timothy Sackton: There is no attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They're traveling down river when they're within 6 miles. Well, now.
Timothy Sackton: but what of the deception? Do you?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Will you spend the day under the beds? Yes. we will wait.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Go about your day. and once they're within 6 miles.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Retire back to the bedroom.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Does that sound reasonable to everyone?
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So you prepare
Timothy Sackton: to wait out the day patiently hid in under the beds. blocked as best you can be from scrying
Timothy Sackton:  about
Timothy Sackton: and Lubash is, like, you know, acting tired and annoyed and grumpy, and is frequently returning to his bed chamber.
Timothy Sackton: to.
Timothy Sackton: you know, fiddle with stuff, but actually to be present when you re up the telepathy
Timothy Sackton: right? So he, Maru, is not able to pull that off because she is
Timothy Sackton: receiving reports and has meetings and things. But Lubash is still within the telepathic link.
Timothy Sackton: and about 10 am as you are.
Timothy Sackton: quietly munching on some gourmet
Timothy Sackton:  trail of food that deal with prepared.  you. You receive a telepathic message from Lubash.
Timothy Sackton: I must tell you terrible news from the night
Timothy Sackton: a large battle was fought
Timothy Sackton: at our
Timothy Sackton:  At the thought of Kumar's, the ford of Kumar's
Timothy Sackton: to the west.
Timothy Sackton: the arcs of garage, as we suspected. could not enter our kingdom, but hundreds upon hundreds of spectres
Timothy Sackton: drove our forces back.
Timothy Sackton: Our weapons barely seem to touch them
Timothy Sackton: commander of Orgas. his dad. the army
Timothy Sackton: severely demoralized.
Eric Rosenbaum: I did not breach the borders, but I do not know if we can survive another assault.
Timothy Sackton: and our outlying river defenses were breached. In many places specters may have crossed, and maybe rampaging across
Timothy Sackton: our land.
Timothy Sackton: We have little news of of the Western front beyond.
Timothy Sackton:  the messages that came in this morning.
Timothy Sackton: I am not sure.
Timothy Sackton: I'm not sure the
Timothy Sackton: whether the Scottish commander is holding back his
Timothy Sackton: on the the rest of his undead for some other purpose, or whether he felt
Timothy Sackton: the ghostly specters who could fly and pass through the walls of our forts
Timothy Sackton: would be sufficient I know not, but
Timothy Sackton: it seems he did not even care that
Timothy Sackton: the bulk of his army could not enter our kingdom.
Eric Rosenbaum: What do I know about specters
Eric Rosenbaum: we encountered this thing before.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, they're not
Timothy Sackton: crazy, strong, but they can fly.
Timothy Sackton: They can pack through walls.
Timothy Sackton: and they are
Timothy Sackton: resistant to non magical weapons, so they take less damage. They take
Timothy Sackton: relatively little damage from non-magical attacks.
Eric Rosenbaum: They are like us, but passing through walls really disrupts any kind of defensive formation that you would have. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: and there's lots of them. And there was a few 100 of them.
Timothy Sackton: So even even 10 Orcs to one specter, which is about the ratio they had
Timothy Sackton: was not enough to prevent.
Timothy Sackton: I mean they they were not. They were driven back
right.
Timothy Sackton: but at
Timothy Sackton: large cost to the or to the defenses, and
Timothy Sackton: it's not obvious that they can hold for a night, although it's also not obvious that Gosh has more spectres.
Eric Rosenbaum: Really it was a draw, but
Timothy Sackton: but many more casualties on the Orc side, and on the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: on that side, Tim from one of the rituals. Instead of just doing the looking for the humans. can I also look for Orcs like for Raj's army
Eric Rosenbaum: to see if there within 6 miles?
Timothy Sackton: when I was lots of works, you could look for a dad. Yeah. Undead.
Timothy Sackton: Right?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, definitely.
Timothy Sackton: no one dead within 6 miles.
Thank you.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm comforting.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I get another
the Hawk desert Huck.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and just go kind of do an overflow, I mean through this, too. So they're not not while you're hiding under a bad that's fair.
Eric Rosenbaum: You certainly can. If you go outside.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you be invisible.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and he's gonna lure a hawk to his hand
Eric Rosenbaum: with the scrying.
Kate Sackton: We saw them on a boat coming
Eric Rosenbaum: towards us on there, or
Timothy Sackton: yeah, I don't know. I presume they were going downriver, so presumably towards you.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, unless they've just given up, and our
Mike Sackton: going downriver to a polyon and drink or like. But they would have, they
Mike Sackton: couldn't. They would have had to pass you. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I must. Lubash closes by saying, I must attend to these this news and our defenses. I do not know.
Timothy Sackton: I will. I will attempt to return when I can.
Timothy Sackton: to allow your magic to affect me again. But
Timothy Sackton: I may not be able to make the next appointment.
Timothy Sackton: and with that he goes off to do, you know, consult with his
Timothy Sackton: with Marie again with the the runner, the the messengers on horseback, who rode through the night
Timothy Sackton: to reach here
Timothy Sackton:  And with the you know the the palace guard, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: whose guitar is quite poorly defended
other than you. Right? So
Timothy Sackton: there is some concern on his part. If there are wandering armies of specters on the lease.
Timothy Sackton: and it leads you to your
Timothy Sackton: and time passes, let me know what you want to do. I assume it's just continuous playing, like Kenzo doing his ritual seeker doing his ritual once it gets to 24. Do we have to keep the hero's feast, or can she just ask it?
Timothy Sackton: Oh, no! You have to sit and eat it for an hour.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, fuck!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we that
Mike Sackton: well, we haven't lost it yet. But I mean
that.
Mike Sackton: So it all
Mike Sackton: yeah, I get. I mean, we should probably we definitely need forbearance forbidden. If you need to guess it again. We have to guess that again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and this like invisible ourselves back up the top of the ship, eat, and then fucking, go back down again.
Eric Rosenbaum: You can't cast forbearance while you're invisible. So Rizman, at least, is going to have to walk around
Timothy Sackton: the palace recasting. That is why can't you cast it while you're invisible.
Timothy Sackton: because casting a style adds invisibility.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, that's one of the main things that ends. Invisibility is very, very casting a spell or attacking.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We describe them again to get a better sense of location.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, sure.
Timothy Sackton: Good. Try it. they are
Timothy Sackton:  They are camped
Timothy Sackton: these days. Cadmus is going to make it saving throw.
Timothy Sackton:  Oh, wait! What's your save? Do you see? 17.
Timothy Sackton: And that day is today?
Mike Sackton: Well, I'll try the next person.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, who is the next person
Mike Sackton: after Hector, probably. And
Mike Sackton: voa.
Timothy Sackton: okay.
Timothy Sackton: Paula also makes her save.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What are you doing right now?
Mike Sackton: Failing to scry?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They're they're not. They're not within 6 miles yet. Right?
Timothy Sackton: They're not within 6 miles.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Should we get back on the ship and eat a feast and then invisible.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, you eat a feast that do a bird.
Timothy Sackton: So by about 2 in the afternoon you invisibly decamp from your hiding places
Timothy Sackton: and return to the ship.
Timothy Sackton:  I guess it's a little unclear. How you're going to get to the ship.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why.
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
Mike Sackton: can't! I can't cast, fly and be invisible at the same time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: can I? Can I carry Bobby up?
Mike Sackton: It's just all pile into the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: There you go.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Return to your ship.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: eat another feast.
Timothy Sackton: dig through your treasure and find another chalice
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that is consumed by the casting of the feast. Actually, actually, why don't we wait here until they're within 6 miles, and then eat the fucking beast.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now they can move 6 miles, and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it takes us too long to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's it to be there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do we have to re-roll that.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. Re-roll the the hit points
Mike Sackton: and also
Timothy Sackton:  Greek cast forbearance. So another 1,000 gold of powder rubies. You do receive a message while you're eating eating the feast.
Timothy Sackton: I guess Lew actually doesn't really have an easy way of reaching, of communicating with you when you're Now that you're back on the ship, and he's out of the telepathy loop, anyway. You see, you can see, though, from the ship
Timothy Sackton: a pair of what looked like Mark is
Timothy Sackton: warriors, one, a woman who is wearing sort of light armor, and there seems to be like flame, almost like flame, coming off of her hair and sort of wrapping around her.
Timothy Sackton: And the other a man in in heavy armor, both looking weary.
Timothy Sackton: slightly wounded, and tired from a long journey, but they enter the palace
Timothy Sackton: and vanish. But just from your view from up here these seem to be
Timothy Sackton:  fairly good warriors.
Timothy Sackton: So 10 hit points.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We got 10 battery points from the feast.
Timothy Sackton: I was really proud of the fifteenth. Yeah, the 15 was good. So around
Timothy Sackton: 5 in the afternoon, as the sun is sinking low. Another desert hawk. Someone by Welby flies out.
Timothy Sackton: and you can use the hawk sees
Timothy Sackton:  About 20 miles up 15 to 20 miles upriver
Timothy Sackton: about the edge of the distance in which the hawk can reach. Well, I guess. Well, because you're using these sense right? about the distance, the edge of the distance you can reach
Timothy Sackton: in an hour.
Timothy Sackton: No idea if hawks can actually fly 20 miles an hour, but they probably can.
Timothy Sackton: Who knows
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: this? Ha! Can.
Timothy Sackton: You see the boat?  there! There's an area where the river passes through a sort of rocky
Timothy Sackton:  not exactly a ravine, but but just kind of a rocky area where there's no farms or irrigation within
Timothy Sackton: half a mile or something. And the boat is pulled up on the shore, and in a sort of hollow in the rock you can see this. This group
Timothy Sackton: made camp.
Timothy Sackton: and they seem to be resting
Timothy Sackton: like they're under cloaks. There's There's some tents up giving them shade.
Timothy Sackton: Most of them are asleep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's take the ship down.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What time is it
Timothy Sackton: you asked about 4 in the afternoon.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe they're trying to draw it up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, But I mean to me if they're asleep at 4 in the afternoon to me that suggests long rest before doing something tonight.
Eric Rosenbaum: Totally. Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Or they're just going to wait several more days for the rest of the defenses to crumble, and
Eric Rosenbaum: right.
Eric Rosenbaum: and they they still the specters with them.
Eric Rosenbaum: What are the specters doing? Do they sleep? The
Timothy Sackton: they don't sleep. They're just kind of milling around.
Eric Rosenbaum: you know, awkward
to the spectrum.
Timothy Sackton: So another
Timothy Sackton: our passes to Kenza's ritual. Don't sense them. But now you don't expect to sense them.
Eric Rosenbaum: The sun sats
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a sense. Some inspectors.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or some any undead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You don't sense anything within 6 miles
Timothy Sackton: another hour passes.
Timothy Sackton: Can the rest? He generates his key.
Kate Sackton: Should we have less on the fact that we saw them sleeping to like quickly relocate, without having to worry about invisibility. And ever
Timothy Sackton: so, as the sun sets and they're sleeping. You return to your position underneath the beds and manage to re
Timothy Sackton:  Reconnect with, read, we get loop Lubash into the telepathic link. Who
Timothy Sackton: who tells you? There's 2
Timothy Sackton: 2 2 warriors who have come to join this defense, this defense of the cloak. They were part of a group of a half dozen that left before the battle last night.
Timothy Sackton: and we're set upon by about 40 but 40 ghostly, undead spectres and related creatures on the river.
Timothy Sackton: Fled overland.
Timothy Sackton: 4 of their companions were killed by
Timothy Sackton: 40 specters, but him and his and his companion The woman managed to get away, although They still have not fully healed from the battle.
Timothy Sackton: and they seem to be the specters. A tax weakened to them in a way that normal rest did not heal
Timothy Sackton: they. But they arrived this afternoon.
Timothy Sackton:  having traveled something like
Timothy Sackton: almost 40 50 miles overland through the night and into the day, and have now taken a short rest and and had a meal in our. I'm willing to help in any way.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's try to heal them a little bit. I think
Timothy Sackton: so. They are
Timothy Sackton: drugmar and choreograph.
Timothy Sackton: so we can put one. And now we have an ultimate fully block each from
Mike Sackton: 3 by 3.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll do a a healing word on which every one of them seems worse off
Timothy Sackton:  The spell seems to have no effect.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: this is not normal damage. This is a reduction of their hit. Point maximum from the spectrum's life, drain, attack.
Eric Rosenbaum: brutal
Eric Rosenbaum:  life, drain.
Timothy Sackton: Night falls.
Timothy Sackton: and by
Timothy Sackton: midnight
Timothy Sackton: ken those senses
Timothy Sackton: movement
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: within
Timothy Sackton: 5 miles of the city, both a dead and
Timothy Sackton:  Cadmos and his companions
Eric Rosenbaum: set up the fake cloak, and
Eric Rosenbaum: well do I animate the ladder now. probably. How long does that last? 1 h?
Mike Sackton: I mean not only that, I think, takes a bonus action to do. No, I would, because we'll get. We'll have a brief warning when the alarm triggers.
Eric Rosenbaum: But we'll do the club
Eric Rosenbaum: so, and I run into the bathroom and activate the mirror
Timothy Sackton: right? So
Timothy Sackton: is everybody positioned where they want to be.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yes.
Timothy Sackton: close it off.
Timothy Sackton:  The. So after maybe an hour or so, as Kenza is just finishing his Finishing his rest to recover his key. You hear
Timothy Sackton: shouts and the sound of an alarm from upstairs.
Timothy Sackton:  And
Timothy Sackton: people running, and
Timothy Sackton: Ork runs down one of the palace guard and comes to to tell Lubash. And of course. all of you hiding
Timothy Sackton: I'm dead at the gates. The spectres are attacking here.
Timothy Sackton: They've overrun. They must have overrun our defenses.
Mike Sackton: I mean, we should tell them to fall back and just let the specters in because they will die.
Mike Sackton: Don't defend the gates, let them in ple in a penny, and there's
Mike Sackton: there's like 1,500 people who live in this town. This oh, the gates. Sorry the gates of the city game? Not? Yeah. Yeah, no. They should defend the city games. Never mind.
Eric Rosenbaum: they should absolutely defend the city gains. What's the range of the thing that feels undead at man? It's only the palace itself.
Timothy Sackton: Well, it's
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I. I think it's a I think this is the blind for the
Mike Sackton: team to get into the city, into the yeah, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: totally.
Timothy Sackton: There are updates over the course of the next 15
Timothy Sackton: 20 min, as as Lubash is sort of set up a little. you know, acting, trying to keep up some semblance of the illusion of like he has been disturbed from his rest and
Timothy Sackton:  There seems to be you know people are sort of fleeing in a panic. The the.
Timothy Sackton: you know, 2 dozen household guards are having trouble dealing with an equal number of specters, and while they've managed to
Timothy Sackton: kill a few, many of them are dying.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then, before I started
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: during that hour. I can sense them like Connor. Are they getting closer. Nick, are they? How far away are they? They're getting closer. Yep. like, what rate are they traveling?
Timothy Sackton: They're like I mean, they're by the time the hour ends they were like half a mile away. Oh, like all right, I got my like rest with my last rest, charge out my key and get ready to fuck them up right?
Timothy Sackton:  you know, there's there's panic seems to be spreading to the city that basically all of the palace guards have abandoned the palace to try and bring some semblance of order and and
Timothy Sackton: safety to the
Timothy Sackton:  And then You hear
Timothy Sackton: here, from some distance away, this lake.
Timothy Sackton: like almost sort of skeletal, like shrieking sound.
Timothy Sackton: It sounds like something dying.
Mike Sackton: and then creators dying from
forbidden.
Timothy Sackton: And then they're going to be quiet. The one downside of forbidden says it might
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): trick them. Well, they might think it's Lubash or something. I think that's a simpler solution, right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, they're falling in. yeah, nice. I mean, they're dying because of rizwin spell. Right? It does 5 d 10 damage a turn if you're on dead, that's so great. And you could do that. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: right? Like specters do not have enough. I don't even think there's a safe right there.
Timothy Sackton: Is there a safe, or do you? And if it doesn't even matter, you get, I think you're gonna save. But it's at the end of every turn. Yeah. So you're good a fella that you
Timothy Sackton:  So
Timothy Sackton: about 10 min later.
Mike Sackton: so remind me how this is set up again. Where is the alarm. It's right at the entry way, right? The alarm is, let me draw it here. Should I share my screen.
Mike Sackton: I should say that you can just draw on. No, draw it on the on the role. 20. It's 20 feet. So it's 4 by 4,
1, 2, 3.
Mike Sackton: So it's like
app.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They're going to fall into our trap. They're going to follow too much. I have. Finally, we have some advantage on motherfuckers. Everything's going perfectly according to plan.
Eric Rosenbaum: Up to this moment.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): except for being a day later.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, there's basically that box.
Eric Rosenbaum: That box is the alarm.
Timothy Sackton: okay. you here the alarm is
Mike Sackton: okay. I will do my C invisible bonus action.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, hold on. Let me just
Timothy Sackton:  figure out how I'm going to set up my 17 screens here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 17 screens. How many guys are there?
Timothy Sackton: There's a lot.
Timothy Sackton: how many people trip the alarm?
Timothy Sackton: Just one
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: who will soon be dead.
Timothy Sackton: okay.
Timothy Sackton: okay. but
Timothy Sackton: but you
Mike Sackton: at the you just do see invisibility and don't do anything else.
Mike Sackton: So somebody chipped the alarm. One person chipped the alarm.
Mike Sackton: I'm not casting sickening radiance. Yet.
Mike Sackton:  It's the invisibility, though. Right? The invisibility, for sure.
Mike Sackton: At what's the did the door have like a keyhole?
Timothy Sackton: Which door? There's
Mike Sackton: the door. Open doors? No, no, the door, the door I'm standing at, I guess. Like, it's closed. Right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. It's closed.
Mike Sackton: do we want to open the door.
Mike Sackton: I'm going to. I'm going to wait
Mike Sackton: for the moment
Mike Sackton: like just I, I'm not gonna immediately open the door the minute the alarm gets tripped. I'm gonna wait to see if somebody else trips the alarm
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: back
Mike Sackton: right? Like, cause in theory, I assume this is a silent alarm. Just for you right? Yeah, I will telepathically tell everybody they're he. One person is here, but it's just like ready actions and shit ready to fuck people up.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I,
Eric Rosenbaum: I, Tim, can I? The animate? The latter is in action. So I'm just going to do that right away. Okay.
Mike Sackton:  aren't you or me just going to engage them like I was in the plan just to go out and fight them right now. I I just don't know how
Mike Sackton: I'm just. Should we stick it? I mean, should it? Another person trips the alarm? I think it's time to to do sickening radiance and
Mike Sackton: put the whole plan in action.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Are they in the hallway?
Mike Sackton: You don't know where they are. They don't know where they are. But I could.
Mike Sackton: The the idea would be, the doors. Are our host right now open the door and then see where they are. I'm gonna open the door. The second, the second person trips the alarm. I want to open the door, cast second in radiance and close the door. Wait! Don't you want to look and see first? If they're even in the holiday.
Mike Sackton: I'll take a a moment and possibly change a direction if there's nobody there. But at some point I don't care if
Timothy Sackton: okay and the second
Timothy Sackton: okay. So the second, the alarm is tripped
Timothy Sackton: by the second person.
Timothy Sackton: Dow, with Galworth pulls the door open, and you see
Timothy Sackton: You see in an instant here, Vola, about two-thirds of the way down the hall towards the chief's room.
Timothy Sackton: quickly turning and looking back in your direction as the door creeks open
Timothy Sackton: and you see?
Timothy Sackton: a woman you don't recognize. Both of them are invisible, but you can see it because of the invisible. A woman you don't recognize standing basically just in.
Timothy Sackton: just like right about here, just in the doorway, looking down the quarter bowl is about there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Him? I don't see the math at all. Should we be singer in? I see the map? Yeah, I see the map.
Timothy Sackton: hold on. Hold on.
Timothy Sackton: yeah, you should be no, I I reloaded. And it's fine. It must have been something.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So what do you want to do? Down with? I'm casting seeking radius, but aren't they? Not in it? Isn't, is it? Only just
Mike Sackton: I'm casting sick and radiant. Here. Let me make it a lips.
Mike Sackton: So you're gonna hit that you're gonna hit. That person. You're gonna hit the person in the doorway. They will both be hit perfect.
Mike Sackton: It's huge.
Eric Rosenbaum: Does that make them visible?
Mike Sackton: If they fail, they're safe. That's not where it is, though. Back.
Mike Sackton: How do I get rid of that?
Eric Rosenbaum: I got it. Difficulty. Oh, wait! Can I move it?
Mike Sackton: I can't. And can I move it?
Mike Sackton: yes, I can. And
Eric Rosenbaum: so there's a tense.
Mike Sackton: It's like, approximately that size. it's actually a little smaller than that, I think. Can everybody wall initiative just so that we have the initiative order all set up.
Timothy Sackton: But we're just going to start with. Down With's position and in initiative
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 13,
Kate Sackton: 18, I mean, do we get some
Mike Sackton: prize? They
Timothy Sackton:  so effectively deal with with getting a surprise round.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: it's that size.
Timothy Sackton:  so I well be, del with is 9. Well, V is 24. Whereas when is 18? Secret? 17 Kong. What did you call 13?
Timothy Sackton: Because I was 13?
Timothy Sackton: The
Mike Sackton: though it's
Mike Sackton: it's actually this is so.
Mike Sackton: This is not quite the right shape. but it's basically covers this whole.
Timothy Sackton: So I'm just scrolling through everything to they care. love latter should be on
Timothy Sackton: seekers turn. So let me change that to 17.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Too bad we gotta killbola. Huh?
Eric Rosenbaum: She got turned right?
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So don with us, basically getting a surprise around as he cast the spell.
Timothy Sackton:  style. This
Timothy Sackton: this Orc is going to presumably
Timothy Sackton: do not want to have everybody selected there.
Timothy Sackton: This arc's going to be moving. You 2 are basically going to move. So you're out of range, right?
Mike Sackton: I mean the the spell it the I'm having a hard time getting it positioned exactly like if you measure
Mike Sackton: what I measured before
Timothy Sackton: from right here, it's 30 feet. Well, it's not every point. It's a 30 foot radius circle right? So you just make a 30 foot radius circle and then put it, and it spreads around opening. So it covers everything inside the circle
Mike Sackton: right? It's hard to this circle is not to see this circle
Mike Sackton: not actually 30 feet.
Mike Sackton: like, I don't quite know what's wrong with my circle. Where's my center point.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it's it's it's 60 feet.
Well.
Timothy Sackton: yeah, the circle is correct.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I guess it's basically like that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But can you move it over a square. So you hit the person in the doorway, because right now it's not hitting the person in the doorway.
Mike Sackton: It's basically like that.
Mike Sackton: It's a little, too.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: no, that's perfect. That hits them both. Right, Tim. That'll hit them both. It should actually be more like right
Mike Sackton: there.
Mike Sackton: No, that's not going to hit a person in the doorway. M. You want to go one right over one square over.
Mike Sackton: I guess that leaves that square safe
Mike Sackton: which is not ideal. But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: why is that square safe? That's squares touching, that's in the that's in the that's in the
Mike Sackton: that. That square is safe. Yeah, exactly.
Mike Sackton: But I can fight in the doorway, which is where we want to be. So it's right here. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: very that second.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it's beautiful.
Eric Rosenbaum: love it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so and then that gets plus little
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: next question.
Timothy Sackton: yeah. So we get both people because it gets oops.
Mike Sackton: Now, nothing happens until they start their turn or enter the circle.
Timothy Sackton: right so That ends so dow with dow with gets that spell off and then shuts the door.
Timothy Sackton: Marook. is is going to kind of
Timothy Sackton: I guess you're telepathically learning everybody. Maria will just move.
Timothy Sackton: Move into the doorway here, and just
Timothy Sackton: I'm ready. An attack if anybody opens the door.
Timothy Sackton: well, be
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): so! Are they visible or invisible. Not until they take their turns and fail their saves.
Mike Sackton: I can tell you what squares to it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): but they are.
Timothy Sackton: Mike. Can you just throw the description of sickening radiance in the chat?
Mike Sackton: Now, yeah, just if you click the cast it should pop up oops that will.
Mike Sackton: But
Mike Sackton: that did not show the
Mike Sackton: display. There we go. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: thank you. Oh, and I've got all these fancy things now. So I deal with is now
Timothy Sackton: did that work?
Mike Sackton: It said, concentration.
Timothy Sackton: yeah, Dow with is now concentrating oops. Oh, my God. I need to zoom in.
Timothy Sackton: or this.
Timothy Sackton:  okay, so but what I'll be, what are you doing?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): well, I mean, what I really want to do is open the door and shoot once they're visible. But is that all an option? You can open the door, and you can ready an action to shoot as soon as somebody becomes visible.
Timothy Sackton: But you gotta keep the door open.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I'll do that.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So door is open
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wellbey is ready in action to shoot. As soon as somebody is visible. We, we shoot the back person to the back person. It is a constitution saving throw. Right?
Mike Sackton: Yep. DC, 17.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, roll up, fail. It's our constitution, save that is now visible. and takes
Mike Sackton: 24 deaths, damage 2,024 damage. and gains a level of exhaustion
Timothy Sackton: right? Which is disadvantage on checks. And she is
Timothy Sackton: so let's see, Wellbe is now shooting at Bowla, presumably.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him):  And only if the other person does not appear, I mean, my preference is to shoot the cast around the thenbola. But
Timothy Sackton: okay, well.
Timothy Sackton: you can. You can choose not to shoot Bola. But then, if the caster doesn't appear, you can't go back and shoot more later.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, understood, because it starts in their turn. Not all that one. So yeah, I'm going to shoot bullet.
Timothy Sackton: Okay?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, these arrow flies
Timothy Sackton: that and misses
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): all. I just
Eric Rosenbaum: I inspired a lot of them across the room.
Timothy Sackton: okay. Rolla, deep. 10.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But yeah.
Timothy Sackton: so well, because arrow hits as it is finally guided by seeker's magic. Roll your damage
Timothy Sackton: and add 10 thunder damage.
Timothy Sackton: So 35 all together, only fuck so she will. Uncanny dodge.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him):  well, he says, just in a real
Eric Rosenbaum: Nope. We lost him
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): uncannily.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him):  okay, but
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): below.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So as we're getting
Eric Rosenbaum: that the
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): for us, your Wi-fi is not your. We're losing you.
Eric Rosenbaum:  Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so
Kate Sackton: maybe he'll come back by the time it's his turn again. Yes.
Timothy Sackton: okay. So then
Timothy Sackton:  takes takes a look around up
Mike Sackton: mirrors in her line of sight.
Eric Rosenbaum: But
Timothy Sackton: I mean she's looking at Wellby at the moment. Yeah,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): teres. So the last thing I got. Is she on? Kenny dodged.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, you you made a picky pun, but we we that got slow, or is your pun? Yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, I just said, Hey!
Eric Rosenbaum: Out of the
Timothy Sackton: and and Vola is going to so many notes. I need to open here.
Timothy Sackton: volley is going to turn and run.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can I get an attack?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's our turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We on a wall? Oh, shit
Eric Rosenbaum: well, this didn't work. She's fast.
Timothy Sackton: bonus action! Dash
Mike Sackton: Vinciardi on Candy Dodge, is that? Oh, that's a reaction. It's a reaction.
Timothy Sackton:  She kind of wakes up and goes to hide in the bathroom.
Timothy Sackton: or sorry this back this office so that he is near seeker
Timothy Sackton:  and rizwin. What are you doing? Oh, wait! I move past one person, sorry they they need to fail to save, and then we see them in
Mike Sackton: 17 concepts
Timothy Sackton: the sorry I skipped the sorcerer's turn because she was hidden. She fails her con, save so she takes 24 damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I roll the damage again. I don't know.
Timothy Sackton: That's well at the every turn.
Timothy Sackton: she takes 24 damage, and she looks
Timothy Sackton:  That takes takes first of all, takes a step back and looks down the quarter, and I guess
Timothy Sackton: at the moment down the quarter she can see
Mike Sackton: this far is open. The door is open, but there's nobody
Mike Sackton: just out of sight through the door.
Eric Rosenbaum: the the latter
Mike Sackton: just the latter. Maybe there's a ladder dangling from the ceiling
Timothy Sackton: right?
Timothy Sackton: She is also going to retreat.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who
Timothy Sackton: and that brings us to Rizman's turn?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Should a wall of earth done right away.
Mike Sackton: Wow!
Eric Rosenbaum: It's funny about Wall Street. We can make a stone box with them inside. Then we can't hurt them when they're in there.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a kind of weird.
Mike Sackton: I mean, this is the idea behind
Mike Sackton: knocking this thing down.
Kate Sackton: So I'll get hit by sickening radiance if I go out of the room, because it's right up against the door.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oops. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, the thing is, they like for them to get the cook. They still have to come in here right? It's like, yeah, it's like, we can just wait.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Picnic. Yeah, you could just wait lots of surprise, but they still have to fucking. Come in here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): but they can come in here with everybody else. I'd rather take them by themselves.
Kate Sackton: but there's nothing I can do from behind a door, for behind a
Kate Sackton: 24 pit-point damaging. Yeah, I don't really want to take that kind of friendly fire
just to be chasing them.
Mike Sackton: Wellbe and seeker have the best shots at these folks.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I could sick a glance like, or
Kate Sackton: since I'm not in sight, there's I'm just gonna have to
Kate Sackton: do nothing on my turn
Kate Sackton: are gonna have new targets that I can. I think we just wait. As for I mean
Mike Sackton: and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): no drop drop sickening radiance next turn, and then we go
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Wow! But it last for 10 min.
Mike Sackton: They're going to come back.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Why, they're going to wait for it to end. In the meantime the whole rest of their party will be there, and they'll I mean, I could drop second gradients
Mike Sackton: now.
Mike Sackton: right? It's just
Mike Sackton: maybe I should to cast it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, he did a bunch of damage with it. You cast it again.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I get one more. One more spell slot.
Mike Sackton: This is sort of saving that for counterspell? No way. But can't you drop it so that way? Rizman can like run out in the May? The light goes away so they'll become invisible again.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Does that take me?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's a damage that they are. They are taking damage does not.
Timothy Sackton: does not end invisibility. Just making a tax.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and they haven't attacked yet.
Timothy Sackton: They haven't attacked yet. They just turned and ran.
Mike Sackton: so I don't think it's worth dropping yet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so nobody can see them. But you.
Timothy Sackton: Tim, is it? Is it? No, no, everybody can see them right now, but if I drop the spell they're glow longer like a faint light around. If you drop the spell backward spell. The second? Yes, yes, the sickening radiance has
Eric Rosenbaum: is that we could see them because they're
Mike Sackton: tracked.
Kate Sackton: So if I can't get deal with to drop it so I can go through safely, because then I wouldn't be able to attack them because they'd be invisible to me. Correct. So it doesn't do any good to ask Della to drop it.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: to Tim, though it's it is my turn next. Yeah, you should cast a spell.
Kate Sackton: I will
Eric Rosenbaum: fire my second glance at the spellcaster at the
Eric Rosenbaum: it's just Level Fourth Level.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Fuck the count, the cup of cup Belcaster
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Spellcaster must die.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I always have trouble taking a level. Let's see. Let me pick 2 Gary high. Save your
Eric Rosenbaum: right. Okay, Fourth Level second glance. It's an intelligence saving throw.
Mike Sackton: I don't know how good sources are intelligence saving through us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hi! I
Eric Rosenbaum: oh, and I have to peek around the corner in order to do that, but I can sort of hop out, and that you just have to walk through the door right? Like you can easily.
Timothy Sackton:  okay, The psychic glance hits her, and she staggers back
Timothy Sackton: like struggling And so what it has other effects is it just?
Timothy Sackton: Can you put the description in chat incapacitated until the start of his neck, of start, of Eric's next turn if they fail. This. Okay? nice. So
Eric Rosenbaum: on a that it
Timothy Sackton: so she
Timothy Sackton: staggers back, and you can see her. Just kind of shaking
Timothy Sackton: unmoving. Is the latter doing anything?
Eric Rosenbaum: the latter's going to go
Eric Rosenbaum: through the door out into the hall.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): gonna go grapple him or something.
Mike Sackton: I mean, we're had something going to the thickening radiance.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, the latter takes damage right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, that's one of us the other spark warrior is just again going to hold an action. Just the latter of saying with.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it's a construct. Basically. Same with choreograph.
Timothy Sackton: Ken. Zau.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Also just holding an action, or you've got something to do. I can shoot an acid arrow exactly 90 feet.
Timothy Sackton: but you've got to be able to see while it's that square I can pop you. You could step diagonally out into that.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that one. This square here is not effective.
Eric Rosenbaum: I 5. The latter that's not affected.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I'm like right next to that, and then I I I'll I'll
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah. I've got 90 feet. Alright.
Mike Sackton: I would take the source for
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 19. Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: definitely, 19
Timothy Sackton:  19 hits.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice. Nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 9 damaged
Timothy Sackton:  that she staggers back as the acid splashes on her
Timothy Sackton: badly wounded. and she is incapacitated, so she cannot do anything correct
Eric Rosenbaum: if she failed or saved. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: she found her said, Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: yep. So she's in capacity.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: all the sole site as a go to section
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: on the spellcaster who I don't know. Well, I know.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that is like
Timothy Sackton: charisma and and Dax low on
Timothy Sackton: int and pawn and strength.
Timothy Sackton: She's a fair bit weaker than you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Eric Rosenbaum: These are not the heavies.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, they do first. Well, Bowl is kind of a heavy
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): ball is a little bit of a heavy. Yeah, they're the speedies. Okay, Dow, with, what do you want to do
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And can I go back into the into the quarter again? Go ahead. I'm gonna go back my room.
Mike Sackton: Let's see, do I have anything that's not concentration, that is.
Mike Sackton: Wait! How badly hurt is Vola in the source, for
Timothy Sackton: Can you see those little auras around them?
Mike Sackton: I guess I can't really
Mike Sackton: hold on a second. And
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): who
Mike Sackton: can I? I can't really see them right, can I?
Timothy Sackton: You can't. You can't see them. You would have to. You don't have a safe spot you can step out to.
Mike Sackton: But can I? I can see like
Mike Sackton: there, right? Yep.
Mike Sackton: Okay. I don't know if this is worth doing. But
Mike Sackton: I'm going to cast sleek.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): huh?
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: right? Like, why not?
Eric Rosenbaum: You would try it. It's a sorcery slot. So it's not using one of my, it's only a first-level spell, but it's 5 to 8.
Mike Sackton: It points.
Mike Sackton: Okay. So you target a point in range like here. But it's it's 20 foot spear. So it would I? There, should I? I didn't quite figure it out, but there should be. There should be a point that gets them both. That's
Mike Sackton: that's that. I'd usually see
Mike Sackton: right? It would be like, there.
Mike Sackton:  And that is
Mike Sackton: 23 hit points.
Timothy Sackton: they both fall asleep.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well done!
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing
Eric Rosenbaum: wait. Does that mean they both were under 23?
Mike Sackton: It is
Mike Sackton: yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: cool.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, so anybody under 23 hit points and the radius falls asleep.
Mike Sackton: It's 20. Is your total hit points you add up to 23 or less. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: good good call. My
Timothy Sackton: Marook is gonna hang out. Well, what do you want to do.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think I'll try and shoot one of the sleeping people.
Eric Rosenbaum: it should be an easy target.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So let's see I think I can just sneak in range
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): for 60, so they are prone. So you have to disadvantage on the attack.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's not a hostage situation, is it
Timothy Sackton: right. I mean when they're falsely, if they fall prone, and the range has disadvantage on. so you wouldn't be able to get by it. I'm not going to risk it, though I don't think I do enough.
Mike Sackton: and if they're asleep they are unconscious.
Mike Sackton: So
Mike Sackton: so it's a yeah, it's a straight roll.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's a day, and the attack rolls against the creature have advantage, correct and unconscious, regardless of the proneness.
Mike Sackton: No, no, they cancel out. So yeah. Disadvantage plus advantage means it's a straight rule. But as does disadvantage plus advantage plus it does. I mean, if you have multiple disadvantages in one
Mike Sackton: multiple advantages in a thousand, yeah, it doesn't add up.
Mike Sackton: I mean, really, you need to be in melee range, because then you could just
Mike Sackton: gank them. You could just like right any. It's it's
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I can barely get in range if I tiptoe up to the sick new Rance. It's it's too Dicey. I'm not going to chance of it. I don't want to. I only want to do it if I can get sneak attack, because I don't want them just to get nicked to wake up right going.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So all
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like, all ready in action to shoot if any conscious people come into my line of sight, but otherwise
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): not do anything.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Bowl is asleep. Chief of Chief is hiding.  Where are these people? Oh, my God! This map is so big!
Eric Rosenbaum: I bought a stone box.
Mike Sackton: I don't think it's worth boxing, but
Eric Rosenbaum: because I can't do other customs that this store is open right? So wellbe and
Timothy Sackton: and the latter are kind of hanging out in
Eric Rosenbaum: in range here. Oh, no ladder
Timothy Sackton: right? I'm just trying. I mean, we get them re-closed the door.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and that's what I'm asking as well, because leaving the door open or closed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him):  Oh.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know what's the rest of the team thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Get it, I I think, while the thickening radius is, I mean, the second ingredients is sitting there pretty.
Mike Sackton: But still, if they want to do something, they're gonna have to do something right like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): can we like dimension. Go over and grab those 2, and then, you know, kill them and stash them in a room. Just sort of vanish them. Yeah, before the rest of the team comes.
Timothy Sackton: I would have to do all that myself. It is my turn, but it's 2 casts of dimension door.
Timothy Sackton: So it's 2 Fourth level slots.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 2 turns
Timothy Sackton: and 2 terms, and Seeker would be standing there out in the open for one whole turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why can't why didn't you try to kill them at shorts with your boat.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I wouldn't get sneak attack, so I'd only do a d 6 plus 4, and I'm not confident that would actually kill them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean.
Mike Sackton: we don't have any other teleportation movement options, do we?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, actually wait a minute. Well, if it's not too late to recon, I'll shoot one with the fire
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): flame effect.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, who are you shooting?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Shoot the sorcerer. I'll shoot this for sure definitely. She, the sorcery.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): make your attack straight roll.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep. I'll use the clockwork amulet to roll a 10.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So that's yeah. 18 total.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that hats 2 charges of the
Timothy Sackton: fire thing. Her body actually
Timothy Sackton: lumps over unconscious. Her body catches on fire. She begins burning at 0. Head points.
Mike Sackton:  what happens? Murder hobo! And these people, aren't we?
Mike Sackton: Whoops? That's sort of too bad. that's okay, however.
Timothy Sackton: so are you done with your turn?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep.
Timothy Sackton: out of nowhere. A streaking arrow comes flying at you. Well be okay.
Timothy Sackton: So that's going to be an 18 to hit.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's a hit.
Timothy Sackton: And as the arrow hits it bursts
Timothy Sackton: into so you take? so you take
Timothy Sackton:  a total of 13 points of damage, 7 piercing, and 13 poison as this arrow, as it strikes you, begins to wrap rambles around your legs,
Timothy Sackton: hindering your movement
Timothy Sackton: and meaning that
Timothy Sackton: you take
Timothy Sackton:  Slashing damage every the first time you move on each turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: you can spend an action to
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): ring that cut the brambles off your lags. That's fine. All uncanny dodge for the arrow attack. What does that change the damage to
Timothy Sackton: half of 13. So 6.
Timothy Sackton: And then the second arrow, not with advantage, is going to miss, as you dodge out of the way the arrow flying
Timothy Sackton: past you.
Timothy Sackton: And he is going to run forward to
Timothy Sackton: here. But stop!
Eric Rosenbaum:  But who's this guy? Oh, man, this is the land! Here, fighter, rogue, that this is the Ranger fighter road guy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, there's a with plain armor. And then there's Cadmus, Cassia and Hector and Antonius.
Timothy Sackton: and I was going to stop and and sort of look around like he's
Timothy Sackton: Actually, he doesn't want to be close. He's going to move backwards, and he's going to look around. just kind of trying to assess the situation.
Eric Rosenbaum:  And I soften it up
Timothy Sackton: as
Timothy Sackton:  as he as he dodges back.
Timothy Sackton: Well.
Timothy Sackton: sorry. How far away are you?
Timothy Sackton: So to a
Timothy Sackton: one more? Okay. Suddenly Antonia in her armor. appears out of nowhere.
Timothy Sackton: her
Timothy Sackton: holding off like her. Her gauntlet, which you can see is like crackling with lightning when she like slashes that at you.
Timothy Sackton: also with advantage, because she is invisible.
Timothy Sackton: that's that o appearing. That's a 15 to hit
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): at Welby, Nope.
Timothy Sackton: A second attack is a 25.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But and you take
Timothy Sackton:  1315 points of lightning damage. As this lightning blast comes flying out, and Antonia also becomes visible and looks around trying to assess the situation.
Timothy Sackton: and that will bring us to Resident's turn.
Kate Sackton: I'm still shut in the room where I can't see anything or do anything.
Kate Sackton: Hmm! Next person
Mike Sackton: we can
Mike Sackton: do you want a UN sickening radius.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't think so, because that way that keeps their well, they don't. We haven't seen the Hector of the Barbarian yet, or they might all be sitting here invisible.
Mike Sackton: I'm I'm half tempted on my turn to cast my second thickening radius right
Mike Sackton: here. I like that. Hit the whole spot hit there
Mike Sackton: like we actually maybe plant this wrong slightly. What if we sickening radius? I second in radius this, and then we pile in front and form a I mean, the only downside is they can pound us with spells. I guess that's the problem. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: the hallway is fucking. Death. Being in that hallway is funding down. I think we're better off just waiting for them to. I mean, we should probably retreat it to safety.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. And
Mike Sackton: but, like, what are they going to do? I mean, eventually one of their spellcasters will come along and cast a spell. Magic or something. but that's okay. Right? Like.
Kate Sackton: they still need to come down the corridor. Yeah, I just I I think they're gonna have to come down the corner if we don't give them targets.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, and and I think once the sick and this radius goes down too. It's like, like, you know, I can be like popping out like doing long-ray hacks. I can throw acid arrows pop out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I'll do. Why don't you pop back in the room while the after you shot where you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: steady aim? He can't move. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: and he's got Bramble on it later on.
Mike Sackton: Now he's done forambles on his legs. And can you cast something to help? Well, be?
Kate Sackton: I don't have like an unbrambling thing, but I guess I could, or healing
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well, he's taking a bunch of damage.
Kate Sackton: Not really that much. But
Kate Sackton: do you feel. Do you feel like I don't know. Your total hit points will be if you feel like you're in peril. I'll
Kate Sackton: distance he you!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm Dad! Let's see, we had an extra 10 from the last 2. So I'm down 21 for Max. I'm okay, ish for now. But actually it wouldn't hurt if there's nothing else you can do.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: like a second level spell, right? You could do a low level heel. That'd be great.
Kate Sackton: Yeah. Sure. I'll do a second level healing word.
Kate Sackton: I can see him 60 feet away from sticking my head out the door. That's can I do that without getting?
Timothy Sackton: Can I get a line of sight without taking damage. Sorry I can't hear you, because I'm talking. Yeah, if you if you stand, we're deal with this, you can have line of site without the damage.
Kate Sackton: Okay, that's fine.
Kate Sackton: Just seeker. What are you in the ladder doing?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, sorry. I just realized that it it still doesn't. It doesn't do the thing where it
Eric Rosenbaum: doesn't check off the spell slots when I click the spell. I don't know why that doesn't work.
Kate Sackton: 9. By the way. I don't know if that came in surgery, but your vision will be it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and put the ladder on the other side of the signal and radius, but I thought the ladder was in the doorway. Well.
Mike Sackton: we should have put the ladder on the other side, I mean. it could just fly through. I mean, what's the word? It's exhaustion is not going to hurt it. It'll take 40 10 damage, but like
Eric Rosenbaum: it has 65. So
Eric Rosenbaum: it, it would be okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know. I'd rather leave it in front of me to guard. Yeah, that's true. Yeah, it's better protection.
Mike Sackton: But you should cast some sort of. Do you have any area of effect? Spells that could hit multiples of them?
Eric Rosenbaum:  yeah. So there's slow
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: accidentally brought an icon in something that I saw.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I know Tim's like to have some sort of beast floating back there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Slow has a 120 foot range, 40 foot cube
Eric Rosenbaum: wisdom saving throw speed is halved. Nice. Yeah, let's do that. Hit those 3 most buckers. That's a great one.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's sweet. It's a 40 foot cube. Yeah. So that's 8 by 8.
Mike Sackton: Perfect. You can get off. But put it somewhere, like, put it like, he put it like, here, yeah, because it'll hit invisible people.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, that'll get basically the whole room.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. we don't need to get the wisdom safe. Yeah, it's a twenty-foot cube. It says, 40 foot cube.
Mike Sackton: So, Tim, your cube is not 40 feet.
Mike Sackton: I don't know. 45, yeah.
Mike Sackton: sorry. 40 foot team is 40 feet. It's 5 feet. Yeah, it's a little bit. It's fine. Move it up a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: but it's not. It's not a persistent effect. It just hits, and then it's done. It's going to stretch between Antonio, and I'm just saying, alias.
Mike Sackton: move it up
Mike Sackton: started.
Timothy Sackton: Valias fails. So they
Timothy Sackton: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: this is this is the most. This is the best compat we, despite not it being a perfect trap. This is still like the best we've ever done in terms of like actually doing something offensive and strategic, instead of falling into everybody else's fucking traps, scramble our way out.
Eric Rosenbaum: So there's speed. I'm you guys. I'm using stunned, not
Timothy Sackton: not slowed because I don't have a
Timothy Sackton: slowed.
Eric Rosenbaum: so speed is half minus 2 to A/C. Can't use reaction.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, sorry! Antonio made her say. All the fails are safe.
Eric Rosenbaum:  Oh! And spills are delayed 50% of the time.
Mike Sackton: Right? And I mean, I'm just saying, cast it
Mike Sackton: up right, can it? It can affect?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I I got what you're doing. You're trying to get the monster you saw in the hallway
Mike Sackton: just whoever's whoever is not visible. We we assume that that
Timothy Sackton: we assume that that Antonio is the Antonio, and the edge of disabled her own. Asleep and slow. I will put unconscious on her, too.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're doing well. 2 out of 6. There's only 6 of them left.
Timothy Sackton: and now valleys is slow. To Antonio is unaffected. What's the latter doing?
Eric Rosenbaum: The latter is going to
Eric Rosenbaum: move around intimidating me.
Timothy Sackton: Okay?
Eric Rosenbaum:  I'm about it.
Eric Rosenbaum: She?
Timothy Sackton:  okay, you go through. Take some damage and like tangle with them, or are still hanging out with you. We're talking about this. Keep it back there because that we, you know it's too valuable. We need you and and fucking.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: its moment will come.
Timothy Sackton: Orcs are still hanging out. Kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is. Well, be in that square, or can I? Can I pop out and shoot still.
Timothy Sackton: Well, he's in that square with rambles around his legs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can I hop over him to where the ladder is?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, you can. You can move through the space of an ally. You just can't add your turn there
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right? Oh, that's fine. Yeah, I'll move. I'll move out there to where the ladder is, and then, yeah, I'll I'll I'll I'll ask it. Arrow? Yeah. That person.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the 60 foot person.
Timothy Sackton: Antonia.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, wait! I got 90 feet. I can do which one should is Antonia is the phone on. Let me just see.
Mike Sackton: Can you see their? The name plates?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Antonia is the Planar woman, and the other dude is the fucking rogue.
Mike Sackton: Who should I shoot the road? I would either kill voa! Which seems mean.
Mike Sackton: or
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): go for Antonia. I would go for Antonia. She's not.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah. But Antonio is our next focused fireperson. All right, let's let's do Antonia. Oh, but also Ken. So I would not stand right behind me, but like one square north of there because she was lightning me? Oh, no, no. I'm going to move back in the room. Yeah, yeah, I'm I'm shooting in the backing room. Yeah, it's a pop in and out.
Timothy Sackton: Okay?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 9.
Timothy Sackton: That misses.
Mike Sackton: I should have given myself the opportunity to pop in and out because I could el just blast them.
Eric Rosenbaum: anyway, and it'll be fine. It'll all work out.
Timothy Sackton: I pop! Okay, I'll I'll I back in in it. How are we? Wait! Wait, wait, Tim, Before that I so I I I still set the road.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or the ranger for that person.
Timothy Sackton: He is also not as strong as you by a fair bit.
Timothy Sackton: definitely like gax and int
Timothy Sackton: focused relatively low charisma and strength.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, great thanks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  Oh, we haven't. I haven't. Sorry. Sorry. Okay, well, I'll be Antonius next time for it.
Timothy Sackton:  Avalina fails her saving throw. He's definitely yeah saving to
Timothy Sackton: this sorcery.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just so. She died. No, no, she's at one failure. Okay?
Mike Sackton:  You moved the secondly. Radius a little bit, somebody.
Mike Sackton: I can't move it back to him, but it needs to ghost one square up the quarter.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. You just moved it on to Wellby.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, like, here. Okay, yeah.
Timothy Sackton:  okay. Deal with, what are you doing?
Mike Sackton:  There's very little that I can usefully do.
Mike Sackton: that
Mike Sackton: I want to do to be perfectly honest.
Mike Sackton: because everything takes my concentration
Mike Sackton: in radius concentration.
Mike Sackton: Second to raise concentration yet. So casting another spell
Mike Sackton: would, I mean I could move to sickening radius. But I just I don't know if that's a good idea, because the quarter trap is too good. Right? But can you move it just down the hallway? No, I mean, I have to recast it so.
Mike Sackton: I can't move it right. I could recast it to hit them all right, but
Mike Sackton: I think we're better off forcing them to. I mean, they need to come, get us right like we don't want to force them to come to us. They're coming. They gotta come to the fucking corridor.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): do they, though? Aren't we better off taking them when they're not all in the room than waiting for all of them to go up.
Mike Sackton: I have one more spell slot, so I could do it, I could. I could cast sick another sickening radius and and hit them all in the center right? And we could change our tactic to try and hold
Mike Sackton: the line.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But you know it is the thing
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that right now, who is in the room? They've sent their weak people. Yeah, they've been the fucking ranger. The weaker Mage, like Hadmos and Cassian, are not here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right. Hector is not here. They they they have not sent whatever that giant dragon thing is that Tim has got up. The quarter is not here, and it not sent any of their fucking strong stuff yet. So let's hold off on our, on our.
Mike Sackton: I'm going to hold old
Mike Sackton: already in action to attack anybody who comes near the but again is going to hold as well Well be what you're doing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So am I
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): grappled, or how how do I get out of the you're not grappled. You just take just take damage if you move.
Timothy Sackton: There's just like just just like brambles that are. Your speed is reduced by 10 feet.
Timothy Sackton: and you take there's like brambles that are clinging to your legs. So if you move, you take damage
Timothy Sackton: like, do do I have a sense? I take an enormous amount of damage? No, no, no, it's
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm not going to waste my tail hurt a little.
Kate Sackton: I I mean, can you cut them off with a nice yeah, yeah, you can spend an action to remove them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): but I would just I wouldn't burn you. I wouldn't waste your action on that person. I'm not either honored. I take steady aim, and at at the person in Plate
Timothy Sackton: nice.
Mike Sackton: wait! Steady! Aim is tricky, though. Right?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 18 myths.
Mike Sackton: You're gonna be playing armor, you guys.
Eric Rosenbaum: You're going to be stuck, taking all the damage. I don't think I can inspire him again.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Really.
Eric Rosenbaum: Edge, is that true? I can.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you want to.
Mike Sackton: It's a reaction. Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. So you can do one person every turn. You just can't. Same person multiple times. Yeah, you can do the same person multiple times. I will do it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How about?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, let's go.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): let's do some damage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 29. Nice. Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, plus 700 damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yep.
Mike Sackton: boom, that.
Mike Sackton: Tim.
Mike Sackton: I am going to. I just, I thought of one useful thing I could do. I'm going to use my ghostly gaze to be able to see Super. Wall.
Eric Rosenbaum: okay, thank you.
Timothy Sackton:  While I is asleep.
Timothy Sackton: Chief is hiding.
Timothy Sackton: okay, let's see.
Kate Sackton: Well.
Timothy Sackton:  Alarm is tripped.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Mike Sackton: What do I see?
Mike Sackton: Oh, you can see invisible. I can see invisible and through walls as it the second it goes. Fuck. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: where is he? He's just tripped the alarm, all right.
Mike Sackton: is right here. Is there any other invisible people within 30 feet
Timothy Sackton:  within 30 feet? there is a giant demon looking creature just behind cat. Most
Eric Rosenbaum: nice. I'm glad you mentioned that. Okay, so wait. Can you point squares where they are, please?
Timothy Sackton:  demon
Mike Sackton: Cadmus. Nice. I will tell everybody this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fuck. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Do you mean creature like a theme?
Timothy Sackton: yes.
Timothy Sackton: and I love fighting quite a large winged demon creature like, okay, about 10 feet tall. So it's not that now we should move the sickening radius. Now we should drop it on those motherfuckers. right?
Mike Sackton: Yeah. But also there are some things I can do against feeds. My sword was built to kill fees, but can you get out there? But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: without running it through the sickening radius?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And also it feels like this is a fucking high priority.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I'm gonna I'm well, it's not my turn. So okay, whose turn is it?
Mike Sackton: Silences?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. Cat most
Timothy Sackton: appears for a moment.
Timothy Sackton: and then turns  that
Timothy Sackton: where it's my setting here.
Mike Sackton: so here, Tim, here's an action. Yeah, it says, I can see through the wall. Can I cast a spell
Mike Sackton: that if it says you need to be able to? A creature you can see. You still need a
Timothy Sackton: you still need a clear path to the target.
Timothy Sackton: So. But but you don't need
Timothy Sackton: it doesn't so like if you open the door you could. You wouldn't have to have line of sight to the door. You could have line of sight to the wall, but if the target has total cover from you.
Mike Sackton: you can't cast this back.
Timothy Sackton: Cadmos. Cadmos's face shifts and
Timothy Sackton: Darkness spreads from his eyes, and shadows appear around him.
Timothy Sackton: sorry is whose doors are open and whose doors are closed.
Mike Sackton: I think all the doors are closed right now. The top 2 doors are open, but
Timothy Sackton: the top of our shorts are open.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): but these 2 doors are closed.
Timothy Sackton: The wellbe is just standing there by himself.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): with the latter, with the with the latter. Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I feel bad for well be, I don't myself in this position. No, no.
Mike Sackton: I was just can I? Well, now, go ahead.
Mike Sackton: No, nothing, nothing.
Timothy Sackton: Cadmos is. Gonna look! Look at you, Wellbe, as he just holds up his hand, and this burst of black energy
Timothy Sackton: shoots out at you
Mike Sackton: shifting. I think that misses. Yeah
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the 26. That's not hats.
Timothy Sackton: and you take
Timothy Sackton:  Where is his other?
Mike Sackton: Was that an all? Just blast?
Timothy Sackton: yes.
Timothy Sackton:  And you take? Why can't I?
Timothy Sackton: okay,
Timothy Sackton: you take 19 points of necrotic damage
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: you would have to make a saving throw against fear. But you are immune to fright.
Timothy Sackton: So you are not frightened.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is this an attack I can use on candy dodge against? Yeah, it's a it's a spell pack. You can uncanny dodge.
Timothy Sackton: So that's
Timothy Sackton: So it was 19. So it's reduced by half. So it's 10. Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: And then then
Timothy Sackton: He again will will look around
Timothy Sackton: and he is going to move back.
Timothy Sackton: and that will end his turn.
Mike Sackton: is he still? And he's no longer invisible. He's no longer invisible.
Timothy Sackton:  okay,
Timothy Sackton: that is going to bring up the archer who has slowed
Timothy Sackton: as as Cadmos moves back one more step back out of the orchard's line of site. looking down at at well, being kind of smiling at you, he's gonna he's gonna incline his head towards the archer, and then
Timothy Sackton: point at Wellbe
Timothy Sackton: and another arrow is going to fly at you. That's a 17
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I have a 17.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so that hits
Timothy Sackton:  So you take.
Timothy Sackton: Why 9 points of piercing damage
Timothy Sackton: and 4 points of psychic damage. So a total of 13 points of damage you have to make a wisdom saving throw
Mike Sackton: with advantage.
Timothy Sackton: with advantage.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: shadows versed from around the arrow wrapping around your head, temporarily blinding you, and Cadmus is just going to look at you and laugh.
Timothy Sackton: Antonio is going to take advantage of find it well paid to
Timothy Sackton: you should.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I've been better to have gone back in the room.
Timothy Sackton: so that's a 27
Timothy Sackton: and then 18.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Those are both hits. So that's going to be a total of 18.
Mike Sackton: how you doing there? Wellby
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I look
Timothy Sackton: my total of 22 points of lightning damage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay.
Timothy Sackton: And Antonia is going to Retreat back.
Timothy Sackton: down this way. Moving out of line of
Timothy Sackton: site of the
Timothy Sackton: of the door.
Timothy Sackton: And that's going to bring up Risen's turn
Kate Sackton: gonna stick my head out the door and he'll well be again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): nice. Thank you.
Kate Sackton: let's see, where is that healing? Or there we go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How many points you have for me?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 33. Right now
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that.
Kate Sackton: Well, 12 more
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): awesome
Timothy Sackton: seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: if think
Eric Rosenbaum: we should just do a second glance again, but against whom? At most? Okay? And then that's in range. Right? Well.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's 1 20.
Mike Sackton: I guess we should focus on Cadmus. Right? Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and most of the most powerful.
Eric Rosenbaum: He's a
Mike Sackton: he probably doesn't have great
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in saves. I can tell you exactly what Cadmus says. Tadmos is not strong or destined, dexterous high. And charisma. Okay? So this is an in in saving through. So in saves. I probably get against him. Now he's middle as high as charisma.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah, I'm going to do this at
Eric Rosenbaum: Fourth Level. I get no fifth level. This is your fifth level. Save it. Okay?
Mike Sackton: I think so. Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Psychic glance.
Timothy Sackton: okay, that's an intelligent saving throw. So as the lance blasts out He takes damage, but he does make the save.
Eric Rosenbaum: so he take, takes 9 points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: staggers back slightly as the blast shakes him, and then and then looks at you and and points your finger at you, seeker, as you emerge from the door.
Timothy Sackton:  And that ends your turn, and the ladder is just hanging out.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can the latter attempt to remove the brambles from? Wellby?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So so the latter flies down and like, does this like 3 chains come flying down, and like whirl around your legs like knocking brambles off.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And You are free! Oh, that that was huge! If I could have seen that that would have been amazing. You are not for long. Well, I can hear that
Timothy Sackton: nice. it's temporary. It ends at the at the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's it's just a cloud of shadows around it. It's not gonna last for very long. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: okay.
Timothy Sackton: Alarm is tripped again.
Eric Rosenbaum: But what do I see?
Timothy Sackton: And you see another heavily armored. fighter?
Timothy Sackton: right here.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Who's Currently like standing at the ready sword and shield out.
Timothy Sackton: Waiting for something.
Timothy Sackton: Drug Mars still waiting. Nothing he can do.  The demonic creature flying in the air.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's flying covers
Timothy Sackton: and up up above bargain system. flapping its wings.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and I'll wait to deal with the moving is fucking, moving that sick and radius, I mean. Is that a good idea? Yes, now that everybody's in that room.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think so. I think you cause like they're invisible to still, too, like we can't even see them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Dow, with can see them. we can't.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's just done. The problem is, if I move it, they're all going to charge
Eric Rosenbaum: to get out of it.
Mike Sackton: Get out of it. They're all going to charge into the corner right right?
Mike Sackton: And then what happens now, if we all wild in and form a line, they can.
Mike Sackton: We can stop them from tragic to the quarter, but they will pummel us with their aoe spells.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But we stay. We stay in the corridor right? We stay
Mike Sackton: we stay in the in the rooms, right? If we start.
Mike Sackton: If we stay in the room, then they're gonna all.
Mike Sackton: If we stay in the room. They're all just going to wait. They're just going to charge to the sickening radius, and then they'll run
Mike Sackton: into the quarter and try and break down the door at the end, or something like that, there will be nothing to keep them near the doors, so staying in the room won't help us.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's the like width of the stone ship
Timothy Sackton: to 80 feet?
Eric Rosenbaum: So so if it was to descend rapidly.
Timothy Sackton: you have to be on the ship to control that. Oh, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: but I still can't see All those other deeds are invisible. Still, right? The Cadmus is. I can't you see any? You can see anybody who's there?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Beth.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, I think I can. I hit Tasman with my acid arrow. How do you draw the the, the, the, the distance thing you quick. The little the roller. Oh, yeah, okay. I can hear that most cool. I will. I will pop out an acid arrow cabinos.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: nice. 23
Timothy Sackton: not hits
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  and image.
Timothy Sackton: okay?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then I pop back down to the railway.
Mike Sackton: See? I really think, Wellbe, if you go hide and we just wait
Mike Sackton: and just pop out and shoot and pop in and pop out and shoot. What are they going to do? Finally, they're going to wait to move out of our line of sight, heel themselves back up to full and read up their buffs before coming after us. Yeah, that'll burn all their spells. So what they're besieging is what we would do, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Avalina is going to make another death, saving to where do we?
Mike Sackton: What we're not? But if but
Mike Sackton: if they free up all their buffs and do it, we're not losing anything
Timothy Sackton: succeeds on their second one.
Timothy Sackton: as avalina
Timothy Sackton: that. why is dying.
Timothy Sackton:  Let's see, where is we? Be right now, far away.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton:  So
Timothy Sackton: you see.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, wait like no! And and and Cassian appear immediately next to seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, God!
Timothy Sackton: Stepping out of a dimension door.
Eric Rosenbaum: no shit
Mike Sackton: can I counter-speaker sees this, but nobody else. Oh, wait! Wait! Hold on! Hold on! Hold on! Hold on! What about find for slow down? So that was where was Cassian when he cast that he wasn't? He was an audit within 30 feet of you. Well, hold on. Here's a question. Here's a question.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, can.
Mike Sackton: I? Don't think ghostly gaze. It lets me see through things within 30 feet, but I can still see with my normal vision. Once I see through it right.
Timothy Sackton: He was 65 feet away from me. So it was outside of Kerspone range. Anyway.
Mike Sackton: I thought, forbearance prevented that. No, only into not around. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: this is terrible. Now it's gonna End Cassian's turn. just me. I'll yeah. That's just mean secret needs to get out of there. See? If you you have to. You have to get him out of there
Mike Sackton: all right. So we're executing the yeah, you you you mean you could just dimension door somewhere else. Right? That's what we're doing to the shit. He's got to get out of here. No, no, don't run to the ship
Mike Sackton: when I premature to run to the ship.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But where? But with Luba she needs to get Lubash out of there. Yeah, but not to the shab, right to one of the other rooms.
Mike Sackton: Okay, that's true. You can come into your like your room with I will. I can't see these guys right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, my God!
Mike Sackton: I can't see Let's see, this is great. Now I can get to them in melee those fuckers. Yeah, correct. And I'm just a Peter. You just need a dimension door into Rizman's room, into the end of the rizwin
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fucking? Yeah. And then I I'm gonna and then me and the orch are gonna go fucking melee those motherfuckers? Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And the rope, too.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Should I burn my last spell slot to get in my way. Range of them
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: now.
Mike Sackton: all right.
Mike Sackton: I only have 2 spell slots, but I could. I could misty step I could misty step 30 feet to right here, and then just walk in and
Mike Sackton: lay into them. But I think I'm going to save it. I will open the door. Mine sliver Antonia
Mike Sackton: right ahead and close the door
Mike Sackton: so in. But that DC. 17 it
Timothy Sackton: She makes that safe.
Mike Sackton: Her strongest ability is in.
Mike Sackton: Oh, man, I should have somebody else. Did we know her strongest thought he was in. Yes, I told you. Yeah, I was. Take attention.
Eric Rosenbaum: The the the alarm is triggered again.
Mike Sackton: What do I see? You see, Hector.
Eric Rosenbaum: walking in here also, standing beneath.
Timothy Sackton: the flying demon
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: did. You are so? So, holding his massive halberd there, waiting Maru
Timothy Sackton: on
Mike Sackton: cow. Kenza, tell them to run into the room and kill. Get her.
Timothy Sackton: 2, 3, 4, yes, right there. Perfect. 5, 6,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: perfect. One more over one more.
Timothy Sackton: She only has 1, 2, 3,
Timothy Sackton: 4, or she can go one more. Yeah, yeah. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Fucking. Fuck up. Fuck them up Opening the doors that she runs
Timothy Sackton: And then she is going to attack.
Timothy Sackton:  Cassian
Mike Sackton: now, Cadmus
Timothy Sackton: cat most
Timothy Sackton: with disadvantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why does it answer?
Timothy Sackton: the spell!
Timothy Sackton: The the aura is gone, so she's having to focus on keeping start from invading. Oh, got it! Got it?
Timothy Sackton: but her first attack still hits
Timothy Sackton: her second attack
Timothy Sackton: hits. Yeah, this is our third attack hits.
Timothy Sackton: so that is a total of
Timothy Sackton: 12 points of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: flashing damage on cat. Most nice.
Timothy Sackton: That will end Maru's turn. Well, be you are up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fuck. Yeah, let's go. Wellbe.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): don't get on canvas. Yeah. So get in the room and fuck them up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep. So I'll move. 1, 2, 3. This is working out really. Well, actually running action. Disengage for that guys and then shoot cat. Most.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): fuck
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): andstration seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can do it again. Right? Yeah, you got 5 of them. Right? This is your third
Timothy Sackton: 18
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): fuck. Yeah, let's go. It's all right, thank you, cat. Most of the fire also fuck you canvas.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You can't sneak attack on this.
Timothy Sackton: Yakka's engaged with an ally. Yep, cause 5 feet have been right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): all right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So that is 2738,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 40 size. Oh, the fuck!
Timothy Sackton: Well, Cadmos is looking and hurt. actually. as you do. This had most turned slightly to shadows. And  As he does
Timothy Sackton:  the damage he takes is halved.
Timothy Sackton: So that is Only 22 points of damage, and the fire and thunder damage is also half.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, because it's all part of the same attack.
Timothy Sackton: Same way. You can have the poison and piercing with on Kenny Dodge.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, Vola is still asleep.
Timothy Sackton:  the chief is just hanging an ex-seeker.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum:  cadmose is going to how most rules are con save at the start of his turn.
Timothy Sackton:  that is a 20.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So that's yeah. That succeeds.
Mike Sackton: If I open the door, can I? If I leave the door open, can I see him?
Mike Sackton:  Is it possible to have knocked the door open when he
Mike Sackton: I don't know if I quite can see him because he goes down. you sort of need to step into the hallway, I would. Yeah, cause good. Well and ghostly gaze doesn't reach far enough. Never mind right.
Timothy Sackton:  Cadmus, but why do they? Why are they in here? Don't they know? Don't they think that the fucking? The fucking thing is in the other room like, why would they know that it's in here?
Timothy Sackton: This is where you are attacking?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay? Also, they don't know that Blue Boss is in that room.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not I mean, it's it's his bedroom. They know the layout.
Timothy Sackton: I mean. Now that they teleported in. It's as bad from right. It's sort of, but he's not in it. Yeah, they don't know that they don't know that he's not.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I mean. But Seeker is not very big and is not like.
Mike Sackton: but that door should be. That door is closed.
Timothy Sackton: But if the doors closed.
Timothy Sackton: secret can't dimension oh, I guess he could open the door. It all the door is close, right? Right.
Mike Sackton: This door should be close to all the doors are closed. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: okay.
Timothy Sackton: All the doors are closed. Okay.
Mike Sackton: I mean all the doors in the room. No, no, no, not the one. This one got opened by somebody, but I just mean all the doors in the place were closed when the battle started. Except the Jewey. Explicit right?
Right?
Mike Sackton: And then these 2 have been open since then.
Timothy Sackton: Right? So, cat most is going to
Timothy Sackton: Look at the 2 of you
Timothy Sackton: while we look at the the 3 of you in this room.
Timothy Sackton: and well.
Timothy Sackton:  But looking at looking at Seeker
is going to turn
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: He will actually step.
Timothy Sackton: He can't. He wants to know what's behind that door. He can't. So see seeker. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: he is going to.
Timothy Sackton:  I guess he's going to blast.
Timothy Sackton: It's just going to blast you. Seeker.
Timothy Sackton:  that's going to be a 20 and a 29. He's going to step one back here so you get can attack of opportunity if you want to
Eric Rosenbaum:  can I? counter spell as a reaction?
Timothy Sackton: you can, if you want to counter, spell his his his blast.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, it's just elder blast. I don't know if it's worth counter spelling. Okay, no.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then that is going to be.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there any causes of Warlock at most is like you? Right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. So he's
Timothy Sackton: a total of 27 points of damage. And he will also try and frighten you, which isn't going to work?
Timothy Sackton:  so you need to make a concentration saving throw on
Timothy Sackton: to maintain your slow on
Timothy Sackton: valleys and the sleeping bowl up.
Eric Rosenbaum: How do I do that
Timothy Sackton: just a con save DC. 13.
Timothy Sackton: So you succeed.
Eric Rosenbaum: My opportunity attacks and seed past me. What can I do for that? I mean, you could like punch him. Yeah, I don't. Usually you can't cast a spell. So it's basically just a Maleie weapon attack, of which I think none shooting with a crossbow
Eric Rosenbaum: how to use my class?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, do that. Do whatever try to. Just you get a little skits, inflicts and damage
Eric Rosenbaum: crossbow attack.
Eric Rosenbaum: you can't shoot somebody you can't. It has to be a Malei weapon attack. Okay?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, you could bash him with a cross, though. Punch him with your gauntlet fist. I have a dagger. I use that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 24 fuck. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: 3. 3 points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: Cassian.
Timothy Sackton: is going to like Cassian cast the dimension door. Why have I not gone yet, Tim, with the fuck? Yeah, I sorry it's not Castian's turn. I was. Gonna say, Cassian can't have another turn until we all.
Timothy Sackton: Where am I in this turn order? Why have I not gone yet?
Timothy Sackton: You're there's a lot of them you're after.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There's a big stretch of us. You can see the turnover. Cassian is down at the bottom. You're just, I see, I see. Okay, all right.
Timothy Sackton: okay.
Timothy Sackton: valleys.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's a bitch is little punk as bitch.
Kate Sackton: This is hanging back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The fiend has not even attacked anybody yet. Nobody wants to go in the sickening radius. It's actually working. It is supposed to door is open. So he's going to take a shot at at Maruk. This is. It's our plan is like working really. Well, it's like pretty fucking, awesome. We're keeping all the beefy fighters away from us. We've got the Mages trap. We've got the mages in the wall trapped in that room. We're gonna fuck them up. This is like going. This is like the best thing we've ever done ever
Mike Sackton: just needs a way to be effective.
Timothy Sackton: That's a 13 which misses, and he only gets one attack.
Timothy Sackton: But let's see if he shakes. The slow
Timothy Sackton: does not shake the slow.
Eric Rosenbaum: This
Timothy Sackton: Antonia
Timothy Sackton: is going to.
Mike Sackton: She's not a spellcaster, right? Or is she
Mike Sackton: power?
Mike Sackton: It's a pound in who's been cleansed? That's scary. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: move there.
Timothy Sackton:  and
Timothy Sackton: she is going to
Timothy Sackton: cast.
Timothy Sackton: she's
Timothy Sackton: Is that? Yeah, yeah, that's
Timothy Sackton: that's in range. Okay? So as she she like reaches she like holds up her lightning armor, and she sort of does something with her hands, and she flashes the lightning bulk, and as it flies through the air. targeting this point right here.
Timothy Sackton: It's like grows in these like web, like strands. Expand. And she is going to drop a web.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, boy.
Timothy Sackton:  On the ground.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and somehow not hit. Cadmus and Cassian
Timothy Sackton: hit the wall right here.
Timothy Sackton: Where we can't see what I'm about to
Timothy Sackton: to pull it up.
Timothy Sackton: So it hits the wall and it sticks to the wall. My kids.
Timothy Sackton: right there.
Eric Rosenbaum:  It's actually it would actually be bigger than that. But it's it's actually going up into the wall. So it's like compressed like this. So Welby and Maru
Timothy Sackton: have to make
Timothy Sackton:  So so this whole area is sticky if you enter it, there's just giant like
Timothy Sackton: This giant web. Dexterity saving throws for Welby and Maru
Timothy Sackton: Walby is restrained, stuck by the strands of the lab. The rook is also restrained, struck by the strands of the web.
Eric Rosenbaum: and so the fucking rope ladder comes in and does them
Mike Sackton: beat up, cast cadence, and that's going to end Antonio's turn
Timothy Sackton: resident
Mike Sackton: can risk one. Now pop into the and trade spots with Del with and fucking. Fuck up this, you'd have spell from there. Yeah, now you got it.
Mike Sackton: Now raise one can cast on shit right? You could even get out to both of these guys.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: totally welcome up, person
Mike Sackton: and potentially.
Mike Sackton: if you could, if you need. If there was a spell that wouldn't hurt your allies well, it might be too hard to target anything inside.
Kate Sackton: I mean, I could easily like
Kate Sackton: just I was gonna just hit Antonio with heat metal.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's a great, a bad idea. Love it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I just
Mike Sackton: we we need to. I mean, I guess we're doing a pretty good job focusing our fire. We'll take out Antonia and Cadmus. That'll be our focus fire.
Mike Sackton: We're doing great honestly.
Mike Sackton: But if you can weave so, I think if you move into this square cast heat metal and then move out. Then deal with. I can move into that square and attack her on my turn
Kate Sackton: for the that go through.
Timothy Sackton: Yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I love you. You are concentrating on
Timothy Sackton: on heat metal now. And that hit Antonia as her armor begins to heat up. It is seeker in the latter's turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: and so
Eric Rosenbaum: I could do the dimension door exit. But that will kind of like reveal what's going on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, you can run in and close the door, and then dimension door Lubash out into Del with room.
Eric Rosenbaum: That is probably the wisest thing. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: all right. That's what I'm going to do. I mean it.
Mike Sackton: I think that's fine, right? Like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So you are. You wait. Can you do another dimension door
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: next turn
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there, Eric, do you have another one? What are you doing?
Eric Rosenbaum:  We have another spell slot to do it in another dimension door.
Eric Rosenbaum: After this one I've used up 2 Fourth Level spell slots. This would. This would be the third of 3.
Mike Sackton: But you still have your fifth.
Eric Rosenbaum: I do have one
Eric Rosenbaum: Fifth Level slot, but Dimension Door doesn't appear in Fifth level. For some reason
Eric Rosenbaum: it's because it does nothing useful. At fifth level. I can do this safely. Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): what? Why are you? Dimension? It feels premature.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, no, no, just
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: into into into the Delta Rizman room. Not not out of the just take Lubash and move them. Move them into the other room.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right? So we're going to end up cool, cool.
Eric Rosenbaum:  Oh, I can't move myself.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, here's this opening and closing a door so they don't even know what the fuck just happened. You just like ran into the door right? They didn't even know the Lubash is there?
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm like constrained on where I can put myself. This is weird
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm trying to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah, it doesn't let you move through the walls or the door right? You have to move through the door.
Timothy Sackton: even though that's exactly that's funny. Okay? I mean, the conversation is right.
Mike Sackton: It doesn't realize you're teleporting.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay? So I'm going to end up
Eric Rosenbaum: over here. And then you open the door. I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: they're going to see Lou Bosch when you open the door. No, no way to avoid that. Why, of course, of course they can avoid that. Lubosh is in the room in in front of the door, who matches a giant, or in a like 10 foot by 10 foot room with a tiny dwarf standing right next to him. And no, but he's if Lubesh is standing right here, there's no way to see him right. You watch his on the corner? Totally.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim, how's it going to see you around the corner?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, that's not where his token was. But that's okay. This is okay. If he's there, they you just see seeker, run in, shut the door. And I mean, we can. We still have telephony? We can tell him. Yeah, I don't mind in the corner. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah, right?
Eric Rosenbaum: And then the latter is going to dive straight for Kevin Cadmus. Yes.
Mike Sackton: just feed on cat most to death.
Eric Rosenbaum: and the latter can't be there because it's
Mike Sackton: go all the way. It's flying. Just go on the other side of go all the way. Yeah, right there
Eric Rosenbaum: and then I have to pull up its attack.
Timothy Sackton: Okay? So when it moves into the webs, it has to make a deck saving throw flying through the air. It's fine to the it's a ladder flying through the air. It's not a there's no way it it can avoid the
Mike Sackton: right
Mike Sackton: like. How could it possibly not just fly right? I mean.
Timothy Sackton: the ceilings are not huge here.
Timothy Sackton: Aren't the webs on the cry over canvas's head? But yes, okay, fine.
Eric Rosenbaum: It could also just go like down here instead. Oh, no, it can't be on Cassian Square. You can't occupy the same square as somebody else.
Eric Rosenbaum: But down here is clear. Yeah. all right. And so then the attack is a force and powered slam your spell attack modifier to hit. Oh, so I just do a spell attack. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: and 26 a 6,
Timothy Sackton: that's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then it's fuck. You, Cassian, you get the death glow. It's always a curtain. When the rope ladder does the gets the depth of
Eric Rosenbaum:  one d. 10 plus Pb. 4. Standard
Mike Sackton: a plus your proficiency bonus. So yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: which is what
Mike Sackton: rat
Mike Sackton: 4.
Eric Rosenbaum: So anyway, it does 11.
Mike Sackton: I thought the latter did more damage than that. That's too bad. It's okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and the latter grappled. The letter cannot grapple.
Timothy Sackton: Blatter can grapple. The latter grappled the
Timothy Sackton: the the dragon to great effect.
Eric Rosenbaum: Should I done that instead? That's instead of damage. I would. I would do damage, I think. Okay, well, we did it.
Mike Sackton: Maybe next turn. Okay.
Timothy Sackton:  it's a con, save against the sickening radius.
Mike Sackton:  it is, I believe, a con safe. But I am double-checking. Yes, God, safe roll damage again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are there 2 tokens for this road? Dude on the thing? 28.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. The fighter.
Timothy Sackton: runs into the radius becomes visible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All their twins. That's right.
Eric Rosenbaum:  really nice!
Timothy Sackton: And looks
Timothy Sackton: looks down the hall.
Timothy Sackton:  Let's see, he's moved 10 feet.
Timothy Sackton: 15 feet sticks, looks in this room, sees no people. goes here 20 feet, opens the door.
Timothy Sackton: These, like a bazillion people.
Timothy Sackton:  sees Dawest standing right there, and is going to take a swing of dealt with
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: nice
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But he takes how much time he's standing in that thing, the sticking radius.
Mike Sackton: He has to make a save every turn.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, Every time he starts his
Timothy Sackton:  He's going to go one more.
Timothy Sackton: One more square here I'm an attacked out what? That's a 26 to head
Timothy Sackton: with his first swing as a long sort as this guy plate armor shell comes through like
Timothy Sackton: glowing with this faint glow, takes a swing at you.
Timothy Sackton: That's going to be 8 points of slashing damage.
Timothy Sackton: and then takes a second swing, which is a critical hit.
Timothy Sackton: and it's going to be a less damage. 7 points of slashing damage. But
Timothy Sackton: terrible damage rules.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wow!
Timothy Sackton: Holding a shield!
Timothy Sackton: Sickening radius.
Mike Sackton: Oh, your advantage. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Seconding radius so far does not vanish
Timothy Sackton: also does not vanish.
Mike Sackton: How much damage was that?
Timothy Sackton: 7 and 8, 7 and 8 to 15.
Mike Sackton: okay.
Timothy Sackton: Drugmart is going to move out of the room. 1, 2, 3
Timothy Sackton: for 5, right there, so she can attack Cassian without without being in the web.
Timothy Sackton: and as she does that she swings towards Cassie, and Vargas looks up
Timothy Sackton: and he is gonna use as a reaction to intercept the attack, the guy right in front of you. You can take an opportunity to attack. If you want to use your reaction.
Mike Sackton: I will.
Timothy Sackton: and is going to
Timothy Sackton: impose disadvantage on
Timothy Sackton: a 17 is.
Timothy Sackton: This is plate armor. Guy.
Timothy Sackton:  First attack with the spear is going to hit
Timothy Sackton: doing 12 points of damage. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton:  to Cassian, second attack is going to hit doing 14 so 26 points of damage total. And that's going to end Drugmar's turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: okay.
Timothy Sackton:  The
Timothy Sackton: Kansas stars!
Mike Sackton: Well, it's merged to. It's my extern.
Timothy Sackton: no, it's it's
Timothy Sackton: too many tokens on top of each other.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah, it's that other work in the in the
Timothy Sackton: why is it not?
Timothy Sackton: Nope? Actually, it is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: giant demons turn.
Timothy Sackton: Who is going to fly through the seconding radius
Mike Sackton: and ends up here and has to make a save.
Timothy Sackton: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: wow!
Timothy Sackton: con safe.
Eric Rosenbaum: Find them that over there.
Timothy Sackton: And is going to then.
Timothy Sackton: attack
Mike Sackton: now, man, these arcs are getting squished.
Timothy Sackton: Attack, drug mar.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But it's all right. and that's kind of what that's very.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's messed up as a they're kind of hit point
Mike Sackton: But also we're now not in great position, because we definitely don't want every one of us to be fighting a different person. Right? We really gotta focus our fire
Timothy Sackton: oops. go away. Nope.
Timothy Sackton: just didn't mean to set your damage to it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay? one of the one of its tax hits as this.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, demon.
Timothy Sackton:  views out attacks with his deep, with his beacon as talons, screeching and hissing
Timothy Sackton: as then. This Orc
Timothy Sackton: is just going to move into a protective stance guarding Lubos and Kenzo's turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right. Well, I guess the only thing I can do. I can't run through the fiend right?
Timothy Sackton: You can't run through the theme now.
Mike Sackton: Now you just have to attack them. I guess the only thing I can do is fucking. Go the fucking ham on the fiends.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, so for a theme, what are fiends?
Timothy Sackton: I mean, this guy looks pretty beefy and strong.
Timothy Sackton: presumably not very smart or wise or charismatic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, I will do a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: smarter, wiser.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all right, I will do. Can fines be frightened?
Timothy Sackton: presumably
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all right, I will. Do, you know. Yes, I will do. I will do a frightening strike with
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My staff of the forest. Seoul.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, fucking crit! Third be!
Timothy Sackton: Oh! So as you swing your, so you hit the demon, and time warps around you
Timothy Sackton: as the demon slows
Timothy Sackton: its movements becoming labored as you disrupt its key.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fuck. Yeah. Oh, well, you're damage. It's also, remember, you have this critical hit on the staff thing that's never occurred before. Yes, under the effect of the slow spell, until the until it makes a wisdom save up. Yes, okay,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I do 18 damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then I also spend a key on a frightening strike.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so they have to make.
Timothy Sackton: The the demon rears off and turns and looks at you as with this, strike it
Timothy Sackton: it off.
Timothy Sackton: It fades, and it towers from what it proceeds. As this massive, menacing freelight creature striding towards that.
Timothy Sackton: It is frightened.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: doesn't have to run away now.
Timothy Sackton: Nope, it just has disadvantaged on its tax and cannot move closer to you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, I will keep bucking it up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wow! So it's slowed and frightened. That's pretty cool.
Mike Sackton: Yep, yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all right. My second staff attack
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is a 22
Timothy Sackton: that hits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 14 damage.
Timothy Sackton: hey? Pummeline again with your staff as it rears back. Frightened it in pain.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay? And now I'm gonna
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If I spend a key. I can do 2 more attacks right
Timothy Sackton: Yup.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and these are unarmed strikes. Can I tackle my staff again? No, just on arm strikes. All right, I'll do 2 more. I'm going to spend a key in just the flux fucking. Go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll spend a few more unarmed strikes
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 16
Timothy Sackton: that hats.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's another 13 damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 19 hits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Another 13 damage.
Timothy Sackton: Wow, okay. So as Kenzo runs into the doorway and just humbles this demonic creature.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  and I'm at. I I go back. I go back into the doorway. I go back into the doorway. I go back into the doorway after I fight right? Oh, no, actually, I can fight him from the doorway. Yeah, perfect. Okay. Great.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. Cassian is now going to look.
Timothy Sackton: Giggle slightly to himself.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, God.
Timothy Sackton: look at this center point here with all the doors. Finally open this massive
Timothy Sackton: blast of and I close the door.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I closed the door.
Mike Sackton: I'm going to cast Counterspell.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay. that works.
Timothy Sackton:  okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And also, Tim, I was always closing the door every time after I pop in and out. I'm closing the door.
Timothy Sackton: Let's see what's going on here? Okay? your counterparts at Fifth Level. So these spell does not take effect.
Eric Rosenbaum: Woof! Probably 5
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that ends calcium's turn. He's a scratch ready. All right. You're up.
Mike Sackton: Okay. Well, I don't have spells left, but that's okay.
Mike Sackton: now it's I'll just blast time my way. Time. I will. Just, I'll just blast Antonia.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, we do. We want to focus on the demon.
Mike Sackton: can I? Can I hit the demon? Yeah, I guess I can hit the demon right?
Mike Sackton: But from
Mike Sackton: yeah, okay from yes, I I'll just blast the demon instead.
Mike Sackton: I credit
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: nice.
Mike Sackton: So I do. 8 damage. Who cares
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that?
Mike Sackton: But I get 3 more attack. I get 2 more tax. Is he looking wounded yet?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The the fiend.
Timothy Sackton: yeah, definitely
Mike Sackton: fucking. Let's kill that, miss. 17 hit
Timothy Sackton: yes, 17 hits.
Mike Sackton: So 10 damage.
Mike Sackton: Okay, 9, 19 hits
Mike Sackton: for 1619 hits.
Timothy Sackton: Okay? So that ends that way's turn.
Timothy Sackton: Okay? The last one well, let's see what happens here.
Timothy Sackton: But Hector steps into the
Timothy Sackton:  the seconding radiance and rolls poorly on his con, save how much damage this will when he, J. Roll a new damage
Mike Sackton: the the damage for this term.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, I'll just keep 28 as he is going to step here, and he is just gonna
Timothy Sackton: wham Dalwick with his fist. so that is going to be
Timothy Sackton: he is making. you can pick Athletics or acrobatics.
Mike Sackton: What is he trying to grapple me
Eric Rosenbaum: is shoving you out of the way.
Eric Rosenbaum: and well, I'm very bad at either of those. I guess I'll try acrobatics.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will not do very well with acrobatics.
Mike Sackton: I don't think inspiration would fire them.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, he's a big, beefy barbarian, and he's charging through the room.
Eric Rosenbaum: Inspiration.
Timothy Sackton: Okay?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I see the skill check so you can roll 2D,
Mike Sackton: you know he has disadvantage. Right? Yeah, I know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, me, too.
Timothy Sackton: Nope.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): even with disadvantage. He beats in 18.
Eric Rosenbaum: He's got a plus 9 athletics, all the 10 and the 17. So you have to beat a 19
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: steps into the room.
Timothy Sackton: and as going to
Timothy Sackton: oh, wait! Brisbane should have been also actually sorry. He does not have disadvantage because he's raging.
Timothy Sackton: So he has advantage on strength checks, and that's it. Shouldn't. Rizlin has been in that spot right there where he is like, why is rosin in the corner
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like? Shouldn't we have been full protection around the dude. This guy
Eric Rosenbaum: we shouldn't have a chance to.
Kate Sackton: Well, also, plus I was popping in and out of the door. I was really paying attention to my token, and he is going to
Timothy Sackton: attack.
Timothy Sackton:  actually, he is going to Let's see how far is the move? 1, 2.
Timothy Sackton: He is going to grapple
Timothy Sackton: Lubash.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man, that's not good! But hold on! Why, why wasn't Rizzwin in that spot? Shouldn't we? Shouldn't we have had them, like all surrounded like we were kind of just fucking around with the tokens in here, like what would have been space to like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, whatever.
Kate Sackton: It's a good point.
Kate Sackton: right? And then he's gonna drag.
Timothy Sackton: Wait! Come on, come on, come on! Come on!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why is
Eric Rosenbaum: so I can. It's a and it's only a melee attack.
Timothy Sackton: It's a melee attack. Yeah. So Lubashes takes 28 points of damage and is nearly dead.
Mike Sackton:  he didn't make it safe.
Timothy Sackton: I we have to now make it safe.
the end?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Yeah. He didn't make it safe.
Timothy Sackton: yeah. And
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hold on. This feels like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the fact.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can make a
Kate Sackton: add an attack of opportunity to
Timothy Sackton: Marook gets to you, don't, because you're not. Next. You're not within.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is weird. I feel like you like didn't have like rizwin. We weren't like we didn't position a resident, or where's what it's supposed to be. I don't know like why is reason generally in the corner. You gotta I mean, all right, all right, that's fine. Whatever is on the board has to be what's on the board, because otherwise, something with this many tokens is way too hard to run.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, like you have the opportunity to move your tokens on your turn. You can't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's why it's so condescending like, you try that con. Yeah. But I'm just saying in the real D and d like, would Rizman have just been like hanging out in the corner like not like on guard, like protecting Zubos. You know what I mean.
Timothy Sackton: I failed to use my token. It's on me. I I don't think I don't think we can ratcon stuff on people like, for with this complicated a battle, it's just way too much. If you try and recon stuff
Timothy Sackton: like you guys have. I mean, you have to pay a little bit of attention to make sure you're right like he maybe would have done something different if you looked into the room like, it's just you can't.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I'm trying to run like 12 characters here. All right, all right. I'll be able to look at the board, and that's what what the situation is right like. I don't. The app has crashed to me 4 times. I've had to read you so it's a little hard to pay attention to the board, but you go ahead.
Timothy Sackton: but we all get ruthlessly.
Timothy Sackton: Maru gets an attack of opportunity
Timothy Sackton: which is going to hit
Timothy Sackton: at.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's gonna suck if they get the cloak because of this that that'll be very annoying.
Timothy Sackton: sorry not Maru. Garga. Now Maru is restrained, so she has disadvantage, but she already a disadvantage, and she will attack Cadmus.
Timothy Sackton: a
Timothy Sackton: so made by the slack.
Timothy Sackton:  The first attack misses
Timothy Sackton: second attack hits
Timothy Sackton: their attack hits
Timothy Sackton: for a total of 14 points of damage. Cadmus is looking pretty
Timothy Sackton: badly wounded at this point. They're definitely going to get the click because of this. Now, though.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. Well, the it's your turn. You are restrained in the web.
Eric Rosenbaum: So you have disadvantage on all attacks.
Timothy Sackton: and your speed is 0
Eric Rosenbaum: riddle. That's a strong web.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, really shorts towards his frozen
Eric Rosenbaum: somebody should like throw an object into that bedroom where the mirror is, so that the theme looks over there. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will. I will. I will forever think that it would not make sense for Brisbane just to have been hanging out in the corner in that moment. Now, this would not make sense like from a D and D perspective it it wouldn't necessarily have made a difference, either. Well, he wouldn't have been able to like go in if he'd if they've been surrounded.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We had actually been protecting livos, which I feel like we, I mean
Timothy Sackton: he might have done something different. He wouldn't have necessarily been able to step exactly where he stepped, but
Eric Rosenbaum: well, but dragging him out in the hallway or a fuck like he's fucked like they're like now they can get him out of there. Yeah, we can stop him.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Don't worry about you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know. I I still think we're pretty luck. Now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): am I up?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do I start with the deck save to get out of the web, or is the web gone?
Timothy Sackton: Nope, you! Who can you? You have to
Mike Sackton: Antonia Bath. Wait, didn't you? Metal? Do it? Do damage to her?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, concentration!
Timothy Sackton: yes.
Timothy Sackton: he met all the damage to her.
Timothy Sackton: Did you make it? I mean she's quite good at it.
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: so you need to use an at you can use an action to make a strength check, or, in your case of dexterity, check to get yourself out. But it does take your action.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and otherwise, is there anything I can do, or am I just
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you can attack? I mean, you can attack, but you have to.
Timothy Sackton: You have disadvantage because you're restrained and a tax on you have advantage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): sure. Okay, I will get out. Is this, yeah, okay? Just a
Timothy Sackton: straight up Dexter, or an acrobatics or a so so normally. It would just be a straight up strength check
Timothy Sackton: But because you have that feature that lets you replace strength with decks to escape from restraints. It would be a straight text check.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him):  Who, I think, when escaping from normal grappling. There's advantage on that. Is that the case here or not.
Timothy Sackton: this is magical grappling, so no, no advantage but 19 is enough to escape.
Timothy Sackton: So while he digs himself out of the webs,
Mike Sackton: I'm a little. All right. The problem is, they have like 8 attacks in a row. Now, that's what I'm saying. We're we're 4 fucks. They're gonna be able to get out of there. I think
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): maybe
Eric Rosenbaum: we could stop them
Mike Sackton: while Loo Bosch goes next.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, Lou Bush. Unfortunately, he was going to die next.
Timothy Sackton: unless he makes it safe.
Timothy Sackton: will not die, but be unconscious
Kate Sackton: if you can just stagger back anything close to me. That would be, you know. Good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, the problem is, Antonia can just like, go and grab the coke and start running away. Now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that's okay. We'll catch him and kill him.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right then we get to do a a hunt in this to our mission.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This one is definitely going to have to run out
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and get sickened.
Timothy Sackton: Anyway, that ends your your that ends your turn. Right?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: okay, so while it's still asleep. wrap.
Timothy Sackton: And let's see if
Timothy Sackton: I can't tell you
Timothy Sackton: 10. So Blue Bash falls unconscious.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that most can't say it most.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. Cadmus has no line of sight and can't see that it blue bus just got pulled out right
Timothy Sackton: There's too much too much clogging things up here. yeah.
Timothy Sackton: can most. is going to look around.
Timothy Sackton: yeah. He is not feeling very effective at the moment. But
Timothy Sackton: is going to
Timothy Sackton: retreat.
Timothy Sackton: yeah, I mean, okay. Actually, here's what Cadmus is Gonna do. He's Gonna retreat.
Timothy Sackton: So he'll take an attack of opportunity from the latter.
Timothy Sackton: and it wants to use this reaction, and also from Maro at disadvantage.
Eric Rosenbaum: This takes forever to pull up the ladders.
Timothy Sackton: Well, Maruka disadvantage that hats
Mike Sackton: so Wendy 10 plus or
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll just do that
Eric Rosenbaum: 14 as the as the Maru kits him first, and he staggers back, and then as the latter
Timothy Sackton: as the latter hits him.
Timothy Sackton: You see a
Timothy Sackton: as he as he strikes and begins to fall. You see this like black.
Timothy Sackton: a crackling shield appear in front of him as his death ward spell expires and prevents him from falling glow. One hit point
Timothy Sackton: Nice, and then he is going to open this door. Another small badge appears on
Eric Rosenbaum:  Oh.
Kate Sackton: the day the letter almost cooled at us, I mean death. Word means you has one hit point. We know that's good. Step through.
Timothy Sackton: Close the door.
Eric Rosenbaum: Me?
What you doing in there?
Mike Sackton: What?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no! No! What did he do?
Eric Rosenbaum: Thanks. But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: any dimension door?
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know
Mike Sackton: to add, Tim. I can see him.
Mike Sackton: I think. Can I see him?
Timothy Sackton: And I guess I can, because you have.
Timothy Sackton: No, you can't. That's too much stone
Mike Sackton: now I can see through. Is it? Is it not enough stone very quickly? Oh, I see
Timothy Sackton: 30 feet.
Timothy Sackton: which is to there
Mike Sackton: right?
Mike Sackton: They can't. Quite so. You can't slide extra. I need 5 extra. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Timothy Sackton:  valleys is going to
Timothy Sackton: Retreat
Timothy Sackton: slowed, so he moves almost nowhere.
Timothy Sackton:  There's really nobody. He can get a shot at Drugmar, so he's going to take a shot at Drugmar.  but that misses.
Timothy Sackton: and he is going to attempt to save against the slow which finally succeeds. So he is no longer slowed.
Timothy Sackton:  And that ends his turn.
Timothy Sackton:  As he is moving backwards.
Timothy Sackton: Antonia!
Timothy Sackton:  He is going to. So sorry does heat metal trigger on your turn, Rizman on her turn.
Timothy Sackton: You think it's on your turn right?
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't remember how that works.
Mike Sackton: And you. It's a bonus action on Rizwin's. Turn that
Timothy Sackton: to redo the damage. Okay, she's going to step forward.
Timothy Sackton: What? Making her con safe
Timothy Sackton: And then grab the cloak
Timothy Sackton: from the unconscious body of of Lubash
Timothy Sackton: and then move back. So 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: prison you had to chase after him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's a chase now.
Kate Sackton: Oh, really! What great advice!
Timothy Sackton: And
Kate Sackton: is it my turn yet I can't do another web.
Timothy Sackton: okay, she will just use her action to dashed.
Timothy Sackton: It is your turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: We
Kate Sackton: you're right.
Kate Sackton: I will go through the over the unconscious.
Kate Sackton: game.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, it's the dragging through the door doesn't work very well, I noticed. Oh, no, I'm not even trying to move yet. My!
Kate Sackton: It's crashing on me all the time I'm reloading.
Kate Sackton: This is like the fifth time I've had to restart this game.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, this thing. And then I have to pan and zoom because it loses what part of the map we're on.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it does all of those things very soon. Seeker and latter are next
Eric Rosenbaum: okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: because we just don't have the move to engage You dash and engage.
Mike Sackton: probably better to cast a spell.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but don't they want to engage you. If you and last dealt with this dropping second in radiance, you need to make your con save as you pass through it.
Kate Sackton: I know
Mike Sackton: I think it's better to keep it. Honestly. we haven't taken almost no damage. You can probably suck the 40 10,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know. We want to engage Antonia so they can't run away more
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like getting Bailey and engagement like.
Mike Sackton: yeah. But Brisbane's you shouldn't use your action to. It's much better to to
Eric Rosenbaum: not fascinating. No.
Mike Sackton: it's better to
Mike Sackton: have the ability to do something right like whether it's a cast it it's better to cast a spell than to dash.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No. But yeah. Well, my friend makes a con safe, anyway, so it doesn't matter. But, like can is, does Ros have enough move to like engage Antonia so they can't run away.
Kate Sackton: I have only 25 feet of speed. Okay, is the dwarf like me? Yeah.
Kate Sackton: So I don't think that even if I dashed I would get to her so that it makes more sense to do my normal mood. But move plus an action. Right?
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah, that's what interesting.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, right? Definitely
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all right, that. And you can also bonus action, heat, metal again.
Mike Sackton: you know, a rounder with a wall of fire. How about that? Oh, that's good. That would be helpful wall of fire, so they can't run away like wall fire that fucking doorway there so they can't run out. Just box them into it. Yes, yes, I can surround you. People boxed into a wall of fire. Oh, hell! Yes! Oh, yes, hell fucking! Yes, Jesus Christ, thank God, I can't. I'm still trying to scroll over to where that part of the map is.
Kate Sackton: Anybody who wants to help me draw a box is how big a box is it?
Timothy Sackton: It's a 20 foot radius
Mike Sackton: perfect. So that's 4 squares
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right around here by the fuckers, that's so really bad.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that looks good
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right around them right around those 2 fuckers
Mike Sackton: right dead center on them.
Mike Sackton: Move it. So it's like centered on on the left. Yeah, exactly up one
Mike Sackton: over one. It's not wedding you because of the weird snapping right? But it's a fine. They're both inside it. Basically
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: nice. Okay. we're not out of this yet. What does wall fire do
Timothy Sackton: so when it appears they both have to make decks. They're both well.
Timothy Sackton: So Where, if you put it right here, would cut through Valius's Square, but not it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, no one, I, Antonio, will take
Timothy Sackton: damage at the start of return values would take damage immediately. Why don't we do it. So it cuts through Antonia. Would that be better?
Timothy Sackton: You could do that? It's instead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: which one is that the cloak is fireproof?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, it's a magic item I think that's safe to assume. Yes, it. It needs to be thrown in a fucking magic volcano or some shit.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it's a it's a deck, save
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hold on to some really quick, just so that we don't get fucked over. Why, some like gain, like some random rule like, Is it better? Because, like we obviously want to keep inside that wall, so is it better for the for Antonio to be inside the wall, so they have to run through it, or is it better? It does or does not matter if it's the walls.
Timothy Sackton: So, wall of fire, if you throw the through the
Mike Sackton: I mean the damage is any creature that ends it 20 feet in diameter, one foot thick? It's opaque.
Mike Sackton: I mean, it doesn't really stop her from running through it. Exactly. It's just she takes it just takes 5 to 8 damage if she runs through it. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: But she'll take her damage now, too. Right? Yeah. And what she makes her save.
Timothy Sackton:  yeah. So if she runs through the wall or and search, basically, she's trapped, she's gonna take  She's going to take 5 d. 8 fire damage now, and 5 to 8 fire damage when she runs through it. She has
Timothy Sackton: no way to avoid that. She can reduce the damage by half each time with a deck, save but that's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that that? That's good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, it's not good attacks. So she fails her deck save
Timothy Sackton: one.
Timothy Sackton: So what's the damage?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 598
Timothy Sackton: that that is as a
Timothy Sackton: what
Timothy Sackton: does that number in the thing mean? That they
Timothy Sackton: wait a minute. How do you have a six-level spell slot?
Kate Sackton: Why don't
Timothy Sackton: you cast here as fees, didn't you?
Kate Sackton: Oh, did I click the wrong thing? I meant to cast it in the Fifth Level slot in it.
Mike Sackton: So that would be 68 damage, not 5.
Mike Sackton: So just 126, and subtract that.
Kate Sackton: Sorry. I just click the wrong thing.
Timothy Sackton: Okay? So it does 25 points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, fires erupting around. You cannot see either of them now as they're encased in this circle of flames
Kate Sackton: as seeker
Timothy Sackton: now.
Eric Rosenbaum: So just to be clear, Hector is really dangerous, right? And I should disable him
Eric Rosenbaum: if I can, if you can. Yeah, Hector is extremely dangerous. Yes, I will cast irresistible curiosity. This is the moment for that. But yeah. And Hector realizes that all of his life
Eric Rosenbaum: he's never really noticed the totally fascinating features of Orc's facial hair, and he's just bending over, and I'm like trying to get as close as he can to the kings.
Eric Rosenbaum: prone, unconscious. It just looks down at Lubash's body, just staring silently.
Mike Sackton: you know himself can't move. Oh, man! And he's in the sickening radius, so he is screwed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The latter is going to open the paper. The ladder needs to open the door.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: See what? The
Eric Rosenbaum: oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's an interesting thing. There's it's a bit met again, because none of us can see into that room to know what's happening. How do I even command the latter to do anything when I're in. I mean, you could just go after Cassian.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, but that. No, but if Tadmus has one hit point
Mike Sackton: that's inside that room, they need. The latter needs to go in and fucking, kill them. But if he's if he cast invisible, for example, then
Kate Sackton: the latter is a little helpless against that. Yeah, it's a small group. The latter could just flail. That's the true letter, vengeful or curious.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's up to you, Mac. I would vote
Eric Rosenbaum: revengeful. I think so. It's going to go. it! It beats. It's metals. It doesn't get a real meal. It tells it kill somebody. Actually, it's just going to slam into Cassian.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
Mike Sackton: I mean you're blocking the door. If you slam into Cassian
Timothy Sackton: that it can. You move the token to where he ends up?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, just be right here, I guess.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then
Eric Rosenbaum: What was the damage for that again?
Eric Rosenbaum: scroll down to thing!
Eric Rosenbaum: That's the wrong thing, this one
Eric Rosenbaum: the
Mike Sackton: Can you tell how badly hurt somebody is with Soulsite Kenzo?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. Can you not see these like auras around each person I can? I'm just trying to get a sense as to whether sleep would be
Mike Sackton: a good call on Antonio or not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think so
Mike Sackton: right now, but it does nothing. If you don't have. If she's not below like 15 or 20 hit points, is probably going to do nothing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I see.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. Vargas's turn.  he is going to just attack the Orcs.
Timothy Sackton:  24 on Maru
Timothy Sackton: and crit on Maruke. All right.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, no, sorry. Not on Marook, or whoever this is. Drummer. so that's
Timothy Sackton: I mean, these are pretty beefy Orcs. You wanted spiders.
Timothy Sackton:  not looking terribly badly wounded quite at the moment. our plan is working well. We needed some hit point sponges, and that's what we got. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: drug. Mar will return the favor.
Mike Sackton: Oh, Cassie and Cassie and Cassian
Eric Rosenbaum: he has yet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's that Cassian.
Timothy Sackton: He'll make one attack at Cassian, which misses
Timothy Sackton: well, G is 2 tens in a row, 2 threes in a row.
Timothy Sackton: third attack does have. He's attacking Cassian.
Timothy Sackton: 13 points of damage with his spear. The frightened demon
Kate Sackton: has to make a convey for the
Timothy Sackton: seconding radius. I need to run, and it's going to run away from me into the Sigma radius, and I'm going to get an opportunity. It seeds on its con safe.  It's not going to run away from you.
Timothy Sackton: It is going to
Timothy Sackton:  Spit a cloud of poison at you. And isn't it frightened?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, but it can still attack you. Attack fuck.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm just to run away, and absolutely nothing happens because you are immune to poison ditch.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's the
Timothy Sackton: you should go save her, boss. Yeah, she's got to go. It's gonna run forward and use her action to to grab.
Timothy Sackton: Hector is unable to move, but he can still attack, and he's got a very threatening flail.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  Shouldn't she want to? She'll try to save the the cloak like run out into the fucking main she is gonna run into the radius, the seconding radiance
Timothy Sackton: standing over Lubash's body.
Mike Sackton: So first of all, she'll make a con safe. Pull him into the why can't she pull him into the? Because he'll take a pack of opportunity and kill him.
Mike Sackton: It doesn't seem sensible, but okay.
Timothy Sackton: she will fail her, constant. You don't get an attack of opportunity. I people moving on on voluntarily. Oh, I guess that's true. Actually, yes, okay, so she will stand here, and she will just pull
Timothy Sackton: Lubash out of this radius.
Timothy Sackton: put them there and then look at you. Deal with and kind of like. Should I block the doorway like, what's going on here?
Mike Sackton: he can't move.
Timothy Sackton: My character can't move. Yeah, that's right.
Timothy Sackton: So I want to. Actually.
Timothy Sackton: she's also gonna look around. It's like, is anybody gonna heal them?
Mike Sackton: I don't have any
Eric Rosenbaum: like I can do it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so she will. Then
Timothy Sackton: step here. She doesn't want to block you off, though, so she's that's why she's looking at you.
Mike Sackton: No, that's okay. I can see I can. no, I kind of want to go after Hector. Maybe
Mike Sackton: she should. She should stand.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton:  he just.
Timothy Sackton: She is just going to run forward and and and swim.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, she get a tech Hector. Yeah, swing with her
Timothy Sackton: whether a great accent, Hector!
Timothy Sackton:  And then just just eat the opportunity attack as she retreats back to stand on top of the unconscious body
Timothy Sackton: because attacks are a disadvantage.
Timothy Sackton:  So he is going to
Timothy Sackton: swing with disadvantage. That is still a 19,
Timothy Sackton: and he takes. I get caught out of her. But She is now standing over Lubash.
Timothy Sackton: Kenz, that you're up
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all right. How much move do I have, Tim, I have 50 like 50 speed walking is that it is my mood document. That's 10 squares.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Use the ravens, whistle and double your move.
Timothy Sackton: You can fly. Yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all right, I'll do that. Does. Is the seconding radius like I I would go through that because I'm just trying to get into the room. With that you'd have to go through that. It's a con, save.
Mike Sackton: I mean, that just makes sense right? Like, instead of fighting like, I gotta get in that room. Just keep them from getting out of here right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right. So I'm going to do that. I'm going to move one to. So I get 20 moved if I I do the if I use the the ribbon. Sessle.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 on that. Okay? So I can, I can go like, right over here. It's a good spot.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, I'm going to do that. How to make a con safe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's fine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Come on, concept, what did I get?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 21 fuck. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: all right, nothing happens.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I wrote the crit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I roll the 20 alright, and now Can I? Can I attack
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fucking the the bitch on the wall?
Timothy Sackton:  not through the wall of 5. I mean, you'd have to.
Timothy Sackton: You would take 5 to 8 fire damage if you attacked you the wall of fire.
Mike Sackton: can I? I can't you, ready in action to attack her when she comes out of the wall.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all right, cool. It's like when they look.
Mike Sackton: can you get to this square?
Mike Sackton: I can get to any square. Yeah, I've I've got some in that square. Yes, so stand in that square and ready in action to attack whoever emerges from the wall. She's got to come out either here
Mike Sackton: or here right, and if you're in that square you'll be able to hit her either one. So go to that square. and then when she comes out, just lock her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What did she go South?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, there's no exits that way, I mean I
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but he's aren't there stairs going up like you mean if she heads this way? Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't want to be like.
Mike Sackton: I guess you could stand right there. I don't. I want to be exactly next to her, so that no matter what she moves, I will get on that opportunity. Wow! She could. She could go like here and then here and then here depends on which way she's trying to go out. Yeah. But if I'm standing directly next to her because don't I get it? I can't see her. I mean, not if she doesn't. You can't see her right now, because she's obscured by the wall of fire. I I vote
Mike Sackton: cone just chooses a place. And yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you pick it's up to you. Right? Where does kids in?
Timothy Sackton: takes a step to our word.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  well, and I'm I'm still confused. Well, on all, on, all on. I'm still very confused. Wait, so she is, is she's I can't attack her right now, even though she, I can be standing right next to her, and but you'd have to punch through a wall of fire, which means you'd take 5 to 8 fire damage. Can I shoot an acid arrow?
Timothy Sackton: You can't see her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but I can. Just I mean, yeah, oh, so I don't know where she is. Actually, this is actually kind of inaccurate map, because I don't. Yeah, yeah, you don't exactly know where she is, you know, she's in that ring.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay?
Mike Sackton: But also you can ready in action right? So your action can be.
Mike Sackton: Whack! Whoever comes out of the wall. All right, there'll be whack. Whoever comes out of the wall.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It is the how high is the wall? It goes to the ceiling. It's actually like, all right.
Timothy Sackton: I presume it goes to the ceiling right?
Mike Sackton: It's just you might want to be standing somewhere else. I might have given you bad advice to where to stand. You might want to stand here, for example. That's where I was standing, and I thought I should stand. So stay there. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: okay.
Timothy Sackton: Cassian opens the door
Timothy Sackton: and vanishes.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's see, where are these? Okay?
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton:  deal with. You're up.
Eric Rosenbaum: We accept that scene in the mirror.
Mike Sackton: that would be nice. I am going to step up here. I will attack
Mike Sackton: Hector.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Don't you want to get in the firm with me?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You keep the move. Huh?
Mike Sackton: I don't have enough move like I wouldn't be able to get
Mike Sackton: close enough. I don't think.
Mike Sackton: Why did the sickening radius move that back? So Kim keeps moving it by by accident, because these, the these spell tokens are so big that I often accidentally click on them. I know what
Mike Sackton: my fear is that I can't
Mike Sackton: get close enough to Antonio to help.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I guess I could run after her. But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like we're a mission, save the cloak, right? So
Eric Rosenbaum: who? The fire disappeared?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do you say? Here
Eric Rosenbaum: the fire disappeared.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, I still see to see the fire. Oh, no, no, I just want to
want it.
Mike Sackton: I mean, like I could get to somewhere like there. But I can't actually do anything
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you chopolate.
Mike Sackton: I can't attack her. I have the same problems. Yeah, I want them not to kill Vola. She's asleep. I'm hoping we can save her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And
Mike Sackton: I just I have something I could do if like I need to move a lot quickly to try and get closer to her. But at the moment I think my best move is going after Hector.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that you can do
Eric Rosenbaum: connecting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, you can receive that.
Mike Sackton: No, I use my spouse. I can turn into a I can turn into a swarm of bugs and fly twice. My move.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, cool alright.
Mike Sackton: which I guess I could one to.
Mike Sackton: It would let me get like over here somewhere, right? Maybe I could do that. Why don't you get in the room. You know what I mean. I think we want to. We want to just like we. You just want to get close to the cloak, right?
Mike Sackton: Oh, actually, yeah, Tim, I'm going to do that.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, you're still keeping second and radians up.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I I should in theory, as a teeny bug, be able to skirt around the edge right?
Mike Sackton: Not really.
Timothy Sackton: not really.
Mike Sackton: You position the spell
Eric Rosenbaum: in
Mike Sackton: now I think I have a bad feeling about going through my own spell. I'm not going to do it right now. I'm just going to attack.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: I'm going to curse him, too.
Mike Sackton: that does a 14 hit. Oh, I have an advantage in the advantage. You have advantage.
Mike Sackton: Does it? 19 hit the 19 hits? Yeah. So I do. 16 damage
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like a million hip lines.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. And I assume the 26 hits.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, how much of that is how much of that is radiant?
Mike Sackton: 5. Okay.
Mike Sackton: wait. That. Actually that doesn't
Mike Sackton: sorry I do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I it's sorry. I I I should have spoken it more. I really feel like you should have gone into that room. We don't know where Cadmus or Cassian are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's like, don't we want to be like all mission like fucking on the cloak right now, like, get close to the quote
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like, I feel like, if we can get seeker like we need to dimension. We need to get the cloak, the fuck out of here right now, you know, I don't know why we're trying to waste
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: energy on fighting anybody else.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like, why are we? We can dimension door deal with?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that's true
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to where. But if you do that you can't heal.
Mike Sackton: Isn't. I know healing words, bonus action, but it doesn't help.
Mike Sackton: I am going to toss a
Mike Sackton: potion of healing to what's your name?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There you go. Let's get everybody into the fucking room with the cloak like let us get in there like I don't know. I feel like we don't know. It takes another 10 of which for is force.
Timothy Sackton: Okay?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like they could be gone in one turn like dimension door, and they're fucking out of here. And we're fucked.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that's true. Like, why are we like, you know what I mean? Like the
Mike Sackton: no, it takes my action.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why didn't we do that is just gonna stand there and well on you, because you're standing there right waiting for him with disadvantage.
Mike Sackton: He has to make a con safe.
Timothy Sackton: right he
Timothy Sackton: that for us is con safe.
Timothy Sackton: and he missed with his first attack.
Mike Sackton: He takes 24 points of damage, and he hits with his second attack I was on. I cursed him. Wait 1 s. I might not have hit. Sorry. I'm just looking up.
Mike Sackton: His speed is now halved.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah, from 0.
Mike Sackton: half of 0. Yes. Hold on a second
Mike Sackton: at
Mike Sackton: sorry. The I am going to use my reaction to roll a one d. 6.
Mike Sackton: it still hits. Okay?
Timothy Sackton:  So you take 9 points of slashing damage. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: M. Because he swings as habard. He's like
Timothy Sackton: looking down at the Orc and just kind of swinging over, which is not even there. But he's just staring at the ground like, where did it go swing over his head with this massive halberd, like first, one just flies wildly, second, one manages to accidentally hit down with from 9 points of damage on the back swing.
Eric Rosenbaum: The third one
Timothy Sackton:  hits for
Timothy Sackton: with the butt end of the of the halberd hits for
Timothy Sackton: 1417 points of damage.
Mike Sackton: Thanks!
Timothy Sackton: I forgot to add his rage and his
Timothy Sackton:  divine fury to the other one. So I added it to that one
sure!
Mike Sackton: And then he just stops and like stops moving and just stares down at the. He takes 8 more points of damage. By the way.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: stairs down at stares down at his feet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: She's got to go into the room. She's got to go into the room now. She is going to use her action to try and escape from the webs.
Timothy Sackton: which fails so she cannot move.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll be on level 3 of the web.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): All right. I am going to make sure
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): this room is here. So I'm going to skirt around. These guys.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Come through the door. My head and
Timothy Sackton: Nobody is in there
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but
Mike Sackton: well, they could just be invisible.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm going to do a quick like. Run through the room with my arms outstretched.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Kind of thing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Perception check? Or
Timothy Sackton: yeah, you can definitely do a perception check.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, let's do that
Eric Rosenbaum: for a bag of sand.
Timothy Sackton: You're you're pretty confident that this room is empty.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Eric Rosenbaum: They're not going to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him):  oh, man, all right, the the fiend is almost dead. Right?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That yeah, the fiend is badly with you. Perception check is the action. Yeah, okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: maybe kill the scene so you can like, get fast and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): no checking the room was my action. That's that's a good. I'll come back out again. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Evelina is now dead dead dead. Nubash fails a death saving throw. So he is now on 2 failed deaths.
Timothy Sackton: And then
Timothy Sackton:  Let's see, can any of you see this
Timothy Sackton: cat most appears?
Timothy Sackton: I think Kenzo could see.
Timothy Sackton: and he is going to just hold his hands out on this billowing cloud of
Kate Sackton: poisonous gas begins to fill this room. What room? Nobody can see where you're this room here. Academy is up here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or
Mike Sackton:  Okay?
Timothy Sackton: A
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  Oh, it's filling. Okay? Oh, cool. All right. Good.
Timothy Sackton: Right there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where is Canada standing?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's up up above. I can see up there. Okay, right here. So
Timothy Sackton: currently, it's only affecting his allies.
Timothy Sackton: She doesn't care much about Ruthless. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: why are you not so? Valias is in serious trouble as he is hit by both poison and fire.
Timothy Sackton: He is going to. Well, let's see what happens.
Timothy Sackton: He doesn't get a save if he runs through the flames. He just takes the damage.
Timothy Sackton: but he's gonna run through the flames.
Timothy Sackton: He's running this way.
Timothy Sackton:  Where did my tab go here?
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so
Timothy Sackton: well, can you all damage for the wall of fire, Cape?
Kate Sackton: It's some number of
Mike Sackton: 6, 5, 5,
Mike Sackton: 5 d. 8. Well, did you cast his Fifth Level, or fourth one.
Kate Sackton: It's a, it's a, it's a Fourth Level.
Kate Sackton: Well, I cast it at this. So it's 68, okay, 6.
Timothy Sackton: It's 6, 39 is what this app is telling 39 points of damage. So he is. He is burned
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and he is poisoned. He is.
Mike Sackton: This Cadm was playing at casting that spell you could understand.
Timothy Sackton: Kind of fuck me, I guess, or fuck, or prevent you. But he
Eric Rosenbaum: keeping us away.
Timothy Sackton: he steps.
Timothy Sackton: He falls through. He steps through the poison. He is like. This guy is nearly dead, and he's just fleeing.
Timothy Sackton: He's fleeing for his life. He's running in this direction
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: through the poison.
Timothy Sackton: You can go one. 2, 3, 4, 5, 6.
Timothy Sackton: So I use it to 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6
Eric Rosenbaum: right over there.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, it's Antonia's turn she is going to.
Timothy Sackton: running through the fire.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton:  I'll just use the 39 image again.
Timothy Sackton: She staggers through. falling. running unconscious on the ground.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice!
Timothy Sackton: The web disappears
Eric Rosenbaum: right.
Timothy Sackton: She's holding out the cloak. Brisbane, you're up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: resident. Get the cloak!
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, my God! But she can't! She's not fast enough to get there, is she? And she do something to tack Cadmus, because Cadmus is like is is one has one hit point
Eric Rosenbaum: right? Yeah. And a range of attack for Cadmus, and this whole area of fog is heavily obscured. You can't see through that, that that's what he was doing.
Timothy Sackton: and it's also still there, this massive amount of poison gas
Eric Rosenbaum: and a rain fire.
Kate Sackton:  Seeker, you're next well, I know the
Kate Sackton: limited terrain well enough to like. Get through there without being able to see. But yeah.
I
Timothy Sackton: we'll just take that that poison damage from.
Kate Sackton: I mean, if I make my is my most efficient. If I just dash, can I still grab the cloak?
Kate Sackton: Can I make it to where Antonio is with a dash? Yeah.
Kate Sackton: you could. You can grab the cloak. If you dash, you probably drop the ring of fire. So you don't take tons of fire damage I was planning on that. Oh, yeah, great! Because there's no one in it anymore.
Kate Sackton: I drop the ring of fire, but make a con, save
Kate Sackton: oh, I see, Cassian, now that oh, great
Kate Sackton: bail! I rolled the worst possible role
Eric Rosenbaum: inspiration
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's not going to matter right. And the last one really good
Mike Sackton: is not going to be useless, because if they roll the word, what is your role? Oh, wait! What are you making us? And you're not making it for sticking radius, are you? No, no, no, she's making it for running through the poison poison. Right? So I rolled thickening radius. But then I realized that was wrong.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, I wondered what you were rolling.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it.
Timothy Sackton: She really?
Kate Sackton: Yes. which is rolling a one plus.
Eric Rosenbaum: I see
Eric Rosenbaum: such that if we want the inspiration or not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And not right, because, like failing the con safe. You just take damage. It doesn't mean that she can get to 22 points of poison damage, but she can still get to the cloak. All right. So no inspiration. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And you end up where? Here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like falling on the cloak like taking the clip, got the cloak?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man, this is a mess. I love it.
Timothy Sackton: Seeker. You're out.
Eric Rosenbaum: Anybody have any sorry you can do a bonus action if you want to do a bonus action.
Kate Sackton: Where is Antonia?
Timothy Sackton: She is a graduate on my ground, unconscious.
Kate Sackton: is she? I mean
Kate Sackton: the heat metal. I don't know. Did I lose Con for heat metal at some point. Oh, yeah, because I had to do
Mike Sackton: really. Wait what you should. Now, you couldn't have done that, anyway. Do you have any damage? Spells that are only a bonus section.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you try to kill Cadmus from here you can cast spirit guardian, I mean spiritual weapon.
Kate Sackton: Sure, most action
Mike Sackton: that couldn't hurt.
Timothy Sackton: Does it do damage on the turn you cast it?
Mike Sackton: Wow!
Mike Sackton: Catalyst has one hit point right
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: true, unless it's like a healing portion or something?
Mike Sackton: I mean he could have healed a little bit. But
Kate Sackton: well, that's spiritual up in a force level.
Timothy Sackton: Wow. So then it's tidy on that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: nice. yeah, that hits
Mike Sackton:  Can you put it between them so you can attack Cassie in 2.
Timothy Sackton: That well, it wakes up, by the way, because she's coughing in poison gas.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, she's also dying and unconscious.
Kate Sackton: caskins up there, too. Of course. Yeah. Okay, so spiritual weapon. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: is that an area attacking? It's one attack.
Kate Sackton: But I but it matters where it is, because it could attack somebody else different on another turn. So I will put it so you attack you attacked Cadmos. You hit him
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and wait. You got that. She's got wisdom as a cloak now, right? She's got the cloak. Grizzwin's got the cloak. Cadmus has many tricks up his sleeves.
Eric Rosenbaum: and as you hit him
Timothy Sackton: Again, this like
Timothy Sackton: he like staggers back slightly, and then this black swirling like tendrils of energy spew out from him
Timothy Sackton: and risen, and Kenzo
Timothy Sackton:  both take 23 points of necrotic damage as he staggers back up.
Timothy Sackton: standing staring, looking at you.
Timothy Sackton: His his tricks used up.
Timothy Sackton: but still standing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 23. Damage!
Timothy Sackton: 23 necrotic to both of you.
Timothy Sackton: heroic ladder and seekers turn
Eric Rosenbaum: all right, so
Eric Rosenbaum: that
Eric Rosenbaum: I, if I want to like, walk to the doorway, cast the spell, and also bonus action, healing word. Can I do all of those things? You can't cast 2 leveled spells in one turn. I see that, but I gave it. But but Drug Mars got a healing potion. So so the the king is okay. The king is okay, all right. So I will step
Eric Rosenbaum: temporarily to the door and cast some and say.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, nice! What does this happen and concentration on
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: on a yeah dance. No, I don't know. Don't don't end. Concentration is resistance. Yeah, we need them to keep having to be fat. Don't do something that ends concentration. Wait, though. Wait the way the the hold on! Hold on! Let's just think for a second. Here, mission right now is get the fucking cloak away from those motherfuckers up at the top
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like, do we want to dimension door deal with and deal with and fucking seeker like to right on top of rizlin like a like. So we can all be like right there, protecting the quote.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not a crazy idea
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like dude. We do not want like cadmos, and casks are so powerful. We have no idea what the fuck they're doing. It's just riz one at the top like, why don't we all get that? That's all that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's all get on a cloak we don't know what dimension Door just dealt with will stand in between them right? Like, yes, I mean, Kathy is going to cast some giant fireball or something like that. So I'm gonna have to use a if-level slot to do dimension door, which I would do. What what's fireball going to do to almost wait? Cassian? Oh, Cassian is after me. Okay? So I got a chance to sell a tack. Cassian. Yeah, you can go
Mike Sackton: after Cassian.
Mike Sackton: You're actually better off going after Cassian instead of cat. Most
Mike Sackton: because I go.
Mike Sackton: I go before Cadmus, but after Cassian
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm going to. So I'm going to put us. Well, how do I move myself?
Eric Rosenbaum: where do you want to go.
Eric Rosenbaum: I got it right there. Yeah, go get it in front of rising.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, in front of yeah, that's like fireball country.
Eric Rosenbaum: Really. I want what? What happened there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what is it?
Mike Sackton: But what?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, actually, can you? Can you go behind Cassian? That's not bad, either, right
Mike Sackton: now, like? Don't we have to end up in the same spot, though you have to end up next to each other. But you can still move after you cast the spell. Yeah, don't you want to drop like, don't you want to like drop in the melee? Actually, can't we be like there like deal with is right there. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: you're right. And then you can just runs away bravely. Yeah, perfect. So basically, you grab deleth and throw them in front of the bad guys and then run away. Yeah, that's that's what we're talking about. Guys much better, much happier now. All right. Good. Good. Call everybody much happier. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Later. I like ladder. It's oh, the letter? Who's I guess? Yeah, that guy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. maybe I'll try the grapple attack this time. How does that grapple with this to spell attack again.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, problem.
Eric Rosenbaum: He's grappled. Oh, so what? I have to move the ladder there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: okay, he is grappled and can't move. I guess he's just going to attack the ladder?
Eric Rosenbaum: No?
Timothy Sackton: That's 6 points of slashing damage.
Timothy Sackton: and then another 10 points of slashing damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right. So how do I?
Eric Rosenbaum: The thing
Timothy Sackton: jog Mar will attack. I'm gonna just leave these guys be over here. The rock is. Gonna probably my.
Timothy Sackton: unless it was while I was saved.
Timothy Sackton: Wow! Up, Nope, 24. It succeeds
Timothy Sackton: so it will attack
Timothy Sackton: the or
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: from these fucking hit point sponges.
Timothy Sackton: That's going to be 21 points of damage. She is going to feed a healing potion to the King.
Timothy Sackton: This
Timothy Sackton: be restored.
Mike Sackton: Go ahead to the bathroom.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah, and she will drag him to the bathroom.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenza, you're up fucking finally, all right. What's the best square? Should I be like? Right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's see, should I be like one that why, it's not
Mike Sackton: like here, are you? White? Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then Oh, I can attack both of them if I have like 4 attacks, so I will be that.
Mike Sackton: yeah. But maximize it, I mean, if you if you I I just see if you can take out Cassie. Yeah, because I will go before.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That is all right, all fucking.
Mike Sackton: I'm spending all my key, doing every fucking thing I can right now on this motherfucker right here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I'm going to use all my things alright.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So first staff attack 21
Timothy Sackton: 21 hits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And yeah, I'm gonna do Hold on. This is Cassian, right? And it's not low strength or dexterity. My intelligence.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah, Khan, I'll do Con, that. It's probably a low con. I'll do something strike yet.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. succeeds on that.
Timothy Sackton: Alright. I'll damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: damage! Well done.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Damage is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 14.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll do another stunning strike with my staff. 26. That hits.
Timothy Sackton: He's getting he's looking hurt
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: on saved him.
Timothy Sackton:  15! What's your DC.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 13.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry he succeeds.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What? All right. 2 unarmed strikes. Sorry. What was the damage. Oh, sorry I didn't. I don't know. Damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  9.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, can I do? Fist of plan or power as a bonus action.
Timothy Sackton: that replaces one of your attacks. It's not a bone section.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is that going to be better? 3D. 8.
Mike Sackton: You can't do it as a bonus action, though you already yeah, you already. That's fine, so I'll do. I'll do my 200 and strikes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 20.
Timothy Sackton: A magical shield goes up in front of him and deflects the attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wow! All right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then I'll do my and another attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 27
Timothy Sackton: that it's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and another 8 damage.
Timothy Sackton:  Cassian is
Timothy Sackton: sadly wounded. Looking around, looking at at Cadmos, looking at risk and holding the cloak.
Eric Rosenbaum: trying to decide
Timothy Sackton: whether he is going to run.
Timothy Sackton: Cadmus is
Timothy Sackton: fundamentally selfish, and he vanishes, or cycassian, leaving Cadmos and the cloak behind. Vanishes and he disappears, Heliports, using his last fourth level slot.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thank God, so I can't attack of opportunity. No?
Mike Sackton: Well, I will kill Cadmus. Then
Timothy Sackton: Cadmus just looks at him.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, actually.
Timothy Sackton: Nope! He can teleport away with
Eric Rosenbaum: what the fun!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, Rob, somebody next to him counterpells.
Mike Sackton: I don't have any more.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I I can do it. Oh, cast counter spell!
Eric Rosenbaum: You're standing right there, of course. Cascatter spell. Well, it's it's a question of spell slots here. I used up all my 6 in my oh, no, I have one fifth left. So use a Fifth level
Mike Sackton: absolutely. He's a Fifth Level counterpell.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, but
Timothy Sackton: okay, he is. He is.
Timothy Sackton: he's countering your counterspell.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: but he's he doesn't know you're casting at Fifth Level. He's not using a Fifth Level slot.
Timothy Sackton: so he has to roll this role
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: more than
Timothy Sackton:  has to be 15 or higher.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well,
Mike Sackton: lucky and little bitch, all right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice. You can kill these fuckers. Guess what I'm going to do. This is anti-communic. Well, okay, sleep
Eric Rosenbaum: sleep right? Yes, yes, so get a save right. They they must have less than 5 to 8 hit points right? Yes, because they're both so. Oh, yes, this is great. That's absolutely wow! We get to capture them. Holy fuck, all right, I'm casting sleep.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. They both fall asleep. Oh, my God.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah, they both fall asleep all the but
Eric Rosenbaum: nicely done holy fuck! Hector is just going to stand here and die
Mike Sackton: con safe.
Mike Sackton: And I'm just gonna I mean, I'm keeping this thing up. He fails sick, saves he's dead.
Timothy Sackton: Well, if he fails.
Mike Sackton: Okay, 28 damage. Yeah. He's getting rough there. And let's see a third level of exhaustion.
Timothy Sackton: The I've got this land you down a tax and say one more does hip whites fall in half, so he'll probably die next time he fails.
Timothy Sackton:  Marook between Maruke the latter wellbe and this other orc.
Timothy Sackton: drug mar. It is not so difficult to subdue Vargas. Valias runs off, he vanishes somewhere.
Mike Sackton: Which one?
Mike Sackton: But how? How? How? There's no way out there.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, he! He! He runs back this way and looks like he gonna run this way and see where this staircase leads down here.
Mike Sackton: Does he have enough move to do all that in one turn?
Timothy Sackton: I've been sorry he's let's see. So he was. Here he goes. He looks. He realizes there's no exits from here. He's gonna go 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. It's just we all get actions right. We might want us to do him to 1011, 12. He'll get there.
Timothy Sackton:  okay, I mean, I think we can let him get away.
Mike Sackton: I did fall with the I I didn't want bullet to die. volley is making death saving to us. It's her turn.
Timothy Sackton: the the spell is gone because Cadmus is on a contest. and
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: succeeds on her her death saving throw.
Timothy Sackton: Nubash is awake now.
Timothy Sackton: Catamos is asleep valleys is running. Antonia is making death-saving prayers.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Only fuck. Antonia fails too. She is nearly dead.
Timothy Sackton: I think there's no point in initiative order at this point you want to do.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think we'll be able to go after valleys, though I don't like the idea of him getting away.
Eric Rosenbaum: What what about the fiend.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The fiend is dead. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: we care about Vola or Antonia.
Mike Sackton: I feel we should save. Voa!
Kate Sackton: I can cantrip spare the dying on her.
Kate Sackton: So she? Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: we we need to decide exactly what to do.
Kate Sackton: Okay with Cadmus and Cassian. do we have a strong enough magical? We can put them in the fucking mirror because put them in the fucking mirror. You have to be conscious to be put in the mirror. Yes, that's what I was saying. Do we have a thing that isn't a thing that you have to be awake with your eyes up before, I mean, are you letting Hector die? What are you doing about Hector?
Kate Sackton: I think the only one that deal with wants to save is Bola. So. But it's well he wants to chase after the guy. I cannot drop the seconding radius, so we'll be doesn't take the damage sure again. But but what about Hecker?
Mike Sackton: He's still stuck in place with the immovable. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, that lasts for another 30 s or so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He.
Mike Sackton: I mean, do we want to?
Mike Sackton: I don't have any more spell slots. But like
Mike Sackton: I mean, we could go subdue actor right
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: holy fuck like, can we even capture all of them
Kate Sackton: like we want to capture all of them? Do we want to just kill everyone except Cadmos and Cassie and Ebola like, what do we want to do? Well, we definitely votes for killing.
Timothy Sackton: Wow! All these kind of a murder him, though
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think there's a well established self-defense going on here. There's the weed stellar boy who the the barbarian. He used to be a sweet sailor boy. We let these guys go once before, and we know exactly what happened, for, like this. I I think I think we trapped them all in the mirror. I think we put them all in the mirror right? Yeah. Now, why don't we just show Hector the mirror
Mike Sackton: right now? You could just go around the mirror, gr the mirror and show it to Hector. Let's put him in. That's true. We could put him during here. He's been doing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thank you very much.
Eric Rosenbaum: But then, okay, while he's on his first charisma savings row.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he fails a second. So he's in there all right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow! Deep, perfect. How many? So so
Mike Sackton: well, he wants to chase down this guy? I'm tempted to just slip Kadmus's throat.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, strong. Agree on that one
Mike Sackton: like.
Mike Sackton: Don't you think he's too dangerous to leave alive?
Kate Sackton: Yes.
Kate Sackton: I would kill them all except for Vola.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, let's let's slit
Mike Sackton: Cassians. Let's let's like Cadmus's throat. Is there anybody that we should keep alive to interrogate about Cassie? I think I would deal with. What about for keeping them all alive
Mike Sackton: except Cadmos?
Eric Rosenbaum: All right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all right. That's fine.
Mike Sackton: I mean, let's try and put them all in the mirror right like, honestly, what deal with would do is slit Cadmus's throat.
Mike Sackton: Tie up. Cassian.
Mike Sackton: take any sort of magical like, basically any problem. Yeah, arcane focus, right? Like, make sure you can't use his hands. Dag him. So we can't talk like anything that would like cast spells
Mike Sackton: and then
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wake him up. Pick him up and down in the mirror, and just show him the mirror. Yeah, done. Let's do that
Eric Rosenbaum: all right.
Kate Sackton: We also are in an orcish kingdom where there's like a king who might have some opinions about the people who just attacked his country.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but he knows it's a favor we saved as well, sure. But we're putting everybody in the mirror. Yeah, we're just like the King is very alive. We're just doing a shit right now. Tenssel is going to help you in the mirror right?
Mike Sackton: But who is somebody keeping Antonia from dying, or are you just letting her die?
Mike Sackton: It's really up to rizwin deal with is focused on killing Cadmus and and
Mike Sackton: incapacitating
Mike Sackton: Cassian's magical. So I'm just gonna help Kansas gonna help lobby. chase after this other dude.
Timothy Sackton: Okay? I mean, if anybody runs after him, he immediately like throws down his weapons and is like, I surrender
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all right.
Timothy Sackton: It just goes. Doesn't go anywhere useful for him. He goes.
Mike Sackton: I mean, it goes down to like I I think anybody who surrenders like this guy, we we're gonna watch this mirror and we don't want you to resist it except to surrender grudge. Yeah, let's put him in the mirror. He's in the mirror.
Kate Sackton: How many, how many slots we got left? I was just gonna say, like.
Mike Sackton: well, we freed one up by letting the work out.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. it's true.
Kate Sackton: but like
Kate Sackton: fairly non- dangerous criminals like.
Kate Sackton: no, we can bring them out there. Your guy we could give to the King to like.
Mike Sackton: But let's just put them all in the mirror to start. Let's start, I said. Just right. Now let's put it all in, and then we can decide later if we want to mix match fucking trade red rooms, you know, whatever
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: for them.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry I'm trying to find where the mirror is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but not
Mike Sackton: but we're now walking it around, showing it
Eric Rosenbaum: being like what is the mirror person.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or just bringing them in the bathroom. And whatever you know, when you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: whatever we're doing it smartly, so that we know get sucked in and blah blah.
Timothy Sackton: okay, so you have. You have 9 slots free.
Mike Sackton: I think we should put everybody in the mirror. Yes.
Timothy Sackton: so, okay, so hold on a second. This is all happening too fast. Okay, so right now, first of all Rizman is Antonio, dead or alive?
Timothy Sackton: She's alive. I spared her dying shirt, too. Vola Evelina is dead. The source or a woman is dead. Yeah. Ola and Antonia are
Timothy Sackton:  are unconscious and stable at 0. Hit points. Hector is is in the mirror. Yeah, already
Timothy Sackton: Valius has surrendered, and you are now saying, St. At this mirror, and he says.
Mike Sackton: Yes, we are. But first we're taking all their stuff. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: unarming them. Everything. No weapons go in the mirror, no armor goes in the mirror. No, no, no! Could wear your underwear, that's it.
Timothy Sackton: And then, like Ali, is like looking around the but also, and as you're like getting the mirror over. And as he's read her, and he's saying.
Timothy Sackton: Where is my brother? Is he alive? Is he free?
Kate Sackton: Is anybody to remember him
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I will be a I don't know. Can we kill him?
Mike Sackton: Who is his? His brother is the one brother he was in his brother. What happened to him. What did the or do to him?
Timothy Sackton: I don't know. Where do you want that? They're looking to you for you, said subdued. They. They didn't kill him unless you said
Mike Sackton: he's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he subdued it.
Mike Sackton: He's our prisoner.
Mike Sackton: just like we of of Cottonos's influence. I don't know.
Timothy Sackton: Cadmus is dead.
Timothy Sackton: is it?
Mike Sackton: Cadmus is dead.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I assume, severing his head from his body and separating them by several feet, is sufficient to kill him.
Kate Sackton: Fingers crossed. It seems so at the moment
Kate Sackton: just
Timothy Sackton: Valley is kind of
Timothy Sackton: breathe
Timothy Sackton: a sigh of relief.
Timothy Sackton: Look, do to me what you will. Cadmus is dead, and my brother is free. you will go East, and you will never see or hear from us again, I promise. I swear, on our mother's grave.
Mike Sackton: Justice is decided by the Orcs. Not us.
Mike Sackton: I don't even we don't even know if his brother is free, I mean, does his brother seem still cleansed, or does he see his brother is unconscious at the martin.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: for now
Mike Sackton: we're putting you. Yeah, we're gonna we're gonna put everybody in this magic mirror and sort it out later.
Kate Sackton: Are they gonna like he does time pass? Are they going to like
Kate Sackton: be healed when we take them out?
Kate Sackton: Or conscious time doesn't pass?
Timothy Sackton: I I think if you're unconscious, you would eventually stabilize and wake up. But you'll be at, you know, one hit point.
Kate Sackton: but we can't put them in the mirror unconscious process. You can't. I mean, we're unconscious anyway, because it's
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Kate Sackton: it's 10'clock. I'd like to go to bed. Yes, but
Mike Sackton: I think our plan for
Mike Sackton: these people is one by one.
Mike Sackton: Take their stuff, being especially careful with the magic users.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: tie them up, wake them up. and try and force them to go into the mirror, I mean, presumably
Mike Sackton: I mean, I don't know what happens if somebody I mean presumably you can fail your save right if you if we tell you, let this take a fact. Yeah, right? I don't know who will resist right? Like I don't know if Castian or anybody else. But but
Mike Sackton: how many times I mean, is it like, if you succeed, it's
Mike Sackton: how long does it? Is it like 24 h before you have to? You can try again, or I don't really know what it what happens.
Timothy Sackton: I don't think any of you are now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but if they're sitting there looking at it like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: then can we just put them in there? So Cassian refuses to open his eyes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, I will open them.
Mike Sackton: It's not that hard.
Timothy Sackton: he sort of
Timothy Sackton: he he kind of, I mean, yeah, okay, he's all tied up. He's gag. There's not much he can do. You can
Timothy Sackton: call his eyes open. He attempts to resist.
Eric Rosenbaum: any suggestion.
Mike Sackton: Oh, that's a good idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Great idea!
Timothy Sackton: Let me see.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: But before we show them why, we show the mirror to him. How many hit points?
Mike Sackton: Can you?
Mike Sackton: Never mind. So it's too complicated. I was gonna try and cast minesoever to give him minus 24 on his.
Mike Sackton: next save. But it's too complicated.
Mike Sackton: I don't want to kill him by accident.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Suggestion is good. Right?
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Try a suggestion.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. I cast suggestion.
Timothy Sackton: A. He makes it safe.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: kind of
Timothy Sackton: specific spits that the ground is as best he can, and he says
Timothy Sackton: you're better off killing me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you only have ways just to like fucking, read people's minds and shit and do other things.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: everybody right?
Mike Sackton: They may have detect thoughts.
Timothy Sackton: I don't think so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can we figure out next time like how we put them in, or what I'm doing?
Mike Sackton: Can we just get, I mean, do any of the other folks resist.
Timothy Sackton:  Let's see. So
Timothy Sackton:  Valias, when he sees that his brother is still breathing.
Timothy Sackton: and also going into this mirror, apparently with him, does not resist.
Timothy Sackton:  Vargas is like Hector. He just come and stares blankly at the mirror, not really paying attention one way or the other, and vanishes.
Timothy Sackton: Mola is the same
Timothy Sackton: Antonia. like you know, as you as as you revive her having Scripture of
Timothy Sackton: for armor and her gear.
Timothy Sackton: looks.
Timothy Sackton: She looks for a moment like
Timothy Sackton: She wants to try and bargain with you, but then looks around at all the Orcs, and just kind of shakes her head
Timothy Sackton: and size sort of resigned to, you know, was about to happen and doesn't resist you hard.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, the mirror
Timothy Sackton: like you will eventually fail. The same right? Like, it's not. Yeah, yeah, exactly. You you guys all succeeded on, say as before, and then still have to make saves again when it was set up as
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the trap. So you can just
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so to add, wrap up because it's at one. And for for me it's 10. But for you guys, one. And we just like Pat ourselves on the back, for, like a fucking actually like well executed battle, where we actually like fucking, planned it well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and we could have gotten totally fucked. And we didn't.
Eric Rosenbaum: That. yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And we did. Well, right?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I mean, the sickening radiance really disrupted their
Timothy Sackton: their strategy because everybody was a bit reluctant to rush into it until it was like, yes, rush into it. It's not gonna hurt
Kate Sackton: only 20 or so. He plays at a time. Yeah, but a lot of him. So nobody could get a good
Timothy Sackton: yeah. And you did pretty well forcing the castors to always be reacting. But that I mean honestly, Counterspell was the most critical, like both counter spell, to to block the
Timothy Sackton: massive fireball and
Timothy Sackton: seekers. To stop the mention door was, I mean, that's what? Sleep the dial?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, that was such a that. That was just a massive plot moment. Because if Cassian and Cadmus escaped, yeah, it would been like fucking all over again. I don't know how some of these guys people say it sleeps a crappy spell, but it was really useful. Oh, it's really critical, critical critical in this battle. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And also we immobilize Hector.
Timothy Sackton: That was also, I think, he, from being able to disrupt people's concentration, was also very, very useful
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we did, fucking awesome like I was like. That was like sweet, sweet sweetness all around
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the Orc, the or the It point sponges like it was just like that. That definitely helped. I mean, they soaked up
Timothy Sackton: something like a hundred points of damage. The 2 of them you you're gonna have to send us a list of all the magic items we can steal from L. Yes. it's not going to be that great sadly for you.
Mike Sackton: the top. Maybe we get the top back. Then. Oh, the first thing Dallas is doing is finding the top and taking it back absolutely.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I guess it depends on who you're stealing magic items from all of them, everybody.
Mike Sackton: We we might give some of them some things back, but we stripped every single one of them of all their stuff.
Timothy Sackton: So so, which we can talk about next time. But next time. But let's let's let's schedule next time, because it's going to be like in a month. Oh, yeah, we don't have anything scheduled to we, and we don't have anything scheduled.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You change the music then. Oh, yeah, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I need. I need a good
Timothy Sackton: here
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I've got. I've got even more like victory at some point.
Kate Sackton:  now, monks, celebrate victories.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm proud of us guys.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: our our like. It could have been slightly more perfect if we had set up the sickening radius so that there could have been a little bit more like attacking like, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then, if we had, if we like, involved the first 2 in. But that was like we didn't know it. We were always on defense, always getting fucked by traps so nice to do that to somebody else.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, now you, I mean. when you spend the time to. I was I was very happy with you all
Timothy Sackton: you all like, had all your abilities lined up. You like.
Timothy Sackton: had a nice plan. You used your strong stuff.
Timothy Sackton: Here is these, I mean, if you had all been
Mike Sackton: frightened, that would have messed things up pretty badly. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: So we're talking about what the.